Timothy Sackton: Is that the music
UU Church of Boulder: music? Yeah, I'm so sorry I have to grab a glass of water. I'll be right back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay
Eric Rosenbaum: to the observatory. which is Level 13 one. But that will let us cast contact. Other plane
Eric Rosenbaum: once a week. Looks like
Eric Rosenbaum: that's pretty useful. Greenhouse is good. We definitely need a greenhouse
Timothy Sackton: Eric and Kong already talked about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I render doesn't mean I understand the mechanics.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry what?
Timothy Sackton: No, but we would just have one like we just would. Yeah, yeah, that one makes total sense. You definitely have a greenhouse. I mean, that's how Kenza is keeping all these
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: key flowers. Yeah, yeah, it's a it's a key greenhouse all these little. It's a key garden.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, totally.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we begin tonight
Timothy Sackton: in a small room.
Timothy Sackton: a dusty, ancient chamber lit by 4 large permanent mac magical lights, with rusting iron hooks on the wall that perhaps once held tapestry. Is there other wall hangings, but are now long since rotted away. There are 3 doors that exit from this small chamber a large bronze door, through which a faint reddish glow can be seen.
Timothy Sackton: A reinforced wooden door, now dried and mostly rotted away, through which a small complex of living quarters and a storeroom can be seen
Timothy Sackton: dimly in the distance, slit, but again by flickering
Timothy Sackton: torchlight.
Timothy Sackton: shadows and stone.
Timothy Sackton: and then a stone door standing closed.
Timothy Sackton: Moments ago, as you entered with this small anted chamber, through an iron door, faintly glowing with magical rooms.
Timothy Sackton: the image of a woman, maybe 60 or so, elegantly dressed in silk roads, with graying hair cut short
Timothy Sackton: green eyes, and a sharp and angular face, marked by a star or an old burn running from her left eye to her. Jawline stepped to the wall and bowed and spoke
Timothy Sackton: in Drankorian, saying. Greetings, visitors!
Timothy Sackton: I hope your journey was not too difficult. I'm looking forward to consulting with you on your needs, but sadly, I'm indisposed at the moment
Timothy Sackton: until I return. My servant Claudia, will tend to your desires. Please be comfortable, and I will be with you shortly.
Timothy Sackton: And then the image vanished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that was! It was an image! I couldn't. But if I tried to soul-site it, did I? Did it feel like anything, or is there no sign.
Timothy Sackton: No, it was fairly obviously an illusion. I mean, it drifted out from the walk like stepping through the wall.  carried out what seemed like a very programmed set of actions.
Timothy Sackton: without any acknowledgement of your presence, and then disappeared.
Timothy Sackton: So you are now standing
Timothy Sackton: looking at these 3 doors.
Timothy Sackton: Frederick, behind you kind of looking around, looking at you. wearing his leaning on his silver cane, that
Timothy Sackton: various arcane rooms carved on it, etched on it, now pulsating faintly with light.
Timothy Sackton: So which one should we open first?
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we looking for? Again? Exactly, my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the ancient forge, some elemental forge, Tim. Do I still have a sensation of, you know, like that unnatural feeling that I had like about
Timothy Sackton: do I still sense that from stepped through the door with the rooms etched on it. That sensation went away
Mike Sackton: into this chamber. What! There's 3 doors, are they? What do they look like? Are they the same, or they would metal.
Timothy Sackton: II literally just described them, but I'll describe them again. Sorry! The bastion stuff! I know you were. A large bronze door.
Timothy Sackton: through which a faint reddish glow could be seen
Timothy Sackton: like as a crack on the bottom, a stone door. and a reinforced wooden door, which is now mostly dried, and brought it away.
Timothy Sackton: through which you can see What looks like a small complex of like living quarters in a store room
Timothy Sackton: lit by flickering firelight. but also like rubble, and there's like stones sort of dripping from the ceiling, and things like that
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker strolls over the metal door, and without touching it, tries to get close enough with his hand to see if there's heat radiating from it.
Mike Sackton: I will just look through the doors.
Eric Rosenbaum: Dallas.
Mike Sackton: I know, is that cheating?
Timothy Sackton: There is no heat through the large bronze door.
Mike Sackton:  What is on the other side?
Timothy Sackton: Looking through the
Timothy Sackton: the 2 doors, so
Timothy Sackton: on the other side of the stone door you can see what looks like a
Timothy Sackton: workroom of some kind, like a workshop with stone tables.
Timothy Sackton:  Various tools and things set of shelves that are piled with sort of miscellaney that you'd have to go kind of sort through
Timothy Sackton: through the through the bronze door you can see of
Timothy Sackton: large circular open space, maybe 50 60 feet across, with a very high ceiling that extends beyond what you can see with dark vision.
Timothy Sackton:  In the center there's a huge stone anvil.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like shimmering lights and color that kind of ripple through.
Timothy Sackton: Well, lights, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: this chamber is dark, so it's
Timothy Sackton: and it's making so I can't see any. Oh, that's right, it's I said. There was a red glow. This chamber is not dark, the lights are red and shivering.
Timothy Sackton: that are running along the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And at the
Timothy Sackton: far side
Timothy Sackton: just on the edge of your range of your dark vision.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it's not. I mean it's dim light. You would see it as bright light. With your dark vision you can see that there's a human skeleton
Timothy Sackton: like lying sort of face down.
Timothy Sackton: hands in front of laying in front of it, and it looks like there's manacles around its wrists.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I think the forge is that way.
Mike Sackton: But there's a skeleton there
Mike Sackton: looks a little. Something's not not quite right, like a a skeleton that was bound, and is now lying on the ground.
Mike Sackton: We might wanna check out the the rest of the area first where we lunge into the
Mike Sackton: forge of elemental darkness.
Eric Rosenbaum: Patrick, what do you think?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait! What did the what did the illusion hologram tell us to do again?
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait, because they're some servant.
Timothy Sackton: Wait for, said I'm indisposed. Claudio will be with you shortly.
Timothy Sackton: or Claudia will make you comfortable while you wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: But after long
Eric Rosenbaum: deceased servant, yeah.
Mike Sackton: ma, isn't our presumption that this was an ancient ancient, this all drankorian right.
Timothy Sackton: The assumption was claimed that this was a lost drink, Corey and
Mike Sackton: and the illusion was speaking during Koran anywhere.
UU Church of Boulder: Not in this like antechamber. Now, yeah, let's let's explore a bit, I think, before we go through into the room with the skeleton and the forge.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, take a close look and see what we can turn on quarters. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I wouldn't be against taking a short rest, either, if we get a convenient opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you all move together towards the living quarters.
Timothy Sackton: So there's like a like a short hallway. That ends in
Timothy Sackton: sort of hall, a combined kitchen eating area. And there's 3 rooms that branch off from the hallway just just before the
Timothy Sackton: the hall. To your left. There's
Timothy Sackton: A like an open
Timothy Sackton: archway where a door, presumably once hung, that leads to what looks like possibly a bed chamber.
Timothy Sackton:  straight ahead is the small hall
Timothy Sackton: to your right there are
Timothy Sackton: to.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah again. archways
Timothy Sackton: that may have once held doors, it's difficult to say
Timothy Sackton: without careful examination. One which seems to lead to a small bathroom.
Timothy Sackton: the other which leads to
Timothy Sackton: store room.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see
Timothy Sackton: in the back of the storeroom. It looks like there's a crack in the wall. and there's like the same flow stone that you've seen before. That sort of crept through into the storeroom.
Timothy Sackton: and if you look back you can see a tunnel goes some distance down, you know, away from the back of the hall
Timothy Sackton: in the back of the storeroom.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a tunnel that was opened
Eric Rosenbaum: from a crack in the back of the storeroom. So this is not part of the original
Timothy Sackton: floor plan. It doesn't look like it was part of the original. It's so like all of this is sort of smooth carved stone, right, with sort of stone tiles that have been
Timothy Sackton: chiseled out and smoothed away, and some bro like limestone that's been brought into pile. The floor. the storeroom.
Timothy Sackton: I mean again. You're just all so far just standing in this hallway. Right?
Timothy Sackton: You can like glance into the storeroom, and you can see at the back of the storeroom, which is maybe 2030 feet away from you.
Timothy Sackton: like it would just be a normal, you know, 20 foot square room or something. But there's this gash in the back wall
Eric Rosenbaum: where there's like an intrusion of this limestone flowstone.
Timothy Sackton: And then, looking through the gash like you can see, a tunnel continues behind
Timothy Sackton: in the back.
Mike Sackton: It's like a gash it's like.
Mike Sackton: are, am I? Are we meant to be imagining, like the stone cracked its way into the
Mike Sackton: room. And then behind the tunnel. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: So like, it's not that the there's not. It's like the crack is covered up by the stone to some extent.
Timothy Sackton: Not. It's not an open, but
Timothy Sackton: you could halfling could easily squeeze through it. But the tunnels bigger than that.
Timothy Sackton: there's a there's a gash like this, and behind it you can see a much bigger total.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if a interesting
Mike Sackton: rock. If a living rock tunnel through rock and then
Mike Sackton: smashed to the wall, it would look sort of like this.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: like like an elemental kind of living rock.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike Sackton: I mean, didn't we earlier encounter some challenges with some living mud that was trying to eat us?
Eric Rosenbaum: And earlier than that, some challenge with some water that was trying to kill us.
Mike Sackton: Do we even know if we're on Talgar
Eric Rosenbaum: right now? That's an interesting question.
Eric Rosenbaum: How how would we know Tim does Seeker know how you would know?
Timothy Sackton: Make a Arkana check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! Are we already in the plane of something else?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, what
Mike Sackton: that was dealt with, can I make one?
Timothy Sackton: I I have profession to narcota my role. 20 thing didn't work. But I rolled a 22, anyway. Yeah, I see that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I just okay. Sorry.
Timothy Sackton: It's it's coming up in the
Mike Sackton: sometimes the roles go to Dnd beyond, not Role 20, and nobody knows why.
Timothy Sackton: It's coming up in dandy beyond. That's fine. So
Timothy Sackton: II mean.
Timothy Sackton: in secret's experience, this is actually notoriously challenging, and there are plenty of tales that you can recall of people who accidentally wander into another plane and then find themselves trapped
Timothy Sackton: or
Timothy Sackton:  otherwise
Timothy Sackton: stuck on. not cognizant of the fact that they've transported themselves until they
Timothy Sackton: encounter a native inhabitant of the plain, who informs them of their mistake.
Timothy Sackton: And usually these stories end in tragedy.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I have a question
Mike Sackton: that's very comforting. do I know? So I have. I can send my links. Messenger places right. Do I know if it fails
Timothy Sackton: like it comes, it doesn't fail instantly if it emails it right?
Timothy Sackton: I think I think it's like it travels for a certain number of hours, and then, if it, if it
Timothy Sackton: it will eventually realize it can't get there and give up. But it's not. It doesn't just not work. If it
Mike Sackton: can't reach the person
Mike Sackton:  But also
Mike Sackton: I guess it's hard to tell. just because it says in
Mike Sackton: the power it can't cross planter boundaries doesn't necessarily mean it can't cross planter boundaries right like.
Timothy Sackton: If there was a backtrack. If you went through a portal
Mike Sackton: like, say, right? Like, within the door was a portal.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Yeah. And the links backtracked, it would find itself back in the material plane, and
Mike Sackton: so it wouldn't. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: it can use portals. It just can't
Mike Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: teleport.
Mike Sackton: so it probably wouldn't be a good way, when, unless the portal has closed, it wouldn't help.
Timothy Sackton: Or if there's some limitation like, it's not a living creature. So if there's a portal that's only open to living creatures.
Timothy Sackton: If there's a portal that requires some
Timothy Sackton: something that it can't provide, it would not be able to cross.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton:  should we
Mike Sackton: ramsack the plug. I mean to be ex not Ramsac, in the sense of ramsack. But search. I didn't mean Ramsac like deal all the stuff right, but but like
Mike Sackton: it would be good to get a sense of who was here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right. But maybe we should
Mike Sackton: this. This hole in the wall makes me a little uncomfortable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, how about Seger and Falterk can focus on that while you investigate the rest of the interior.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and I'll leave you a guard, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: The card.
Mike Sackton: Well, I'll when I'm one of the links, is jumps out of my shield and starts pacing back and forth in front of the
Mike Sackton: the whole.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I rolled a natural 20 in my investigation. Check
Eric Rosenbaum: boom!
Timothy Sackton: A little premature, though. What are you investigating?
Mike Sackton: What I just said. We're exploring the we're investigating the living ramsacking. Keep the 20. But
Timothy Sackton: normally you have to like, wait until you say what you're doing, and I go through everybody and tell you to roll.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was just I was just following up on we. We all agreed that we were investigating the room.
Timothy Sackton: So, yeah, no, I know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, but I want to just go through everybody and make sure everybody we're on top of things, right? So Seeker and Fuldrick are
Timothy Sackton: entering the storeroom and investigating the crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we'll be back if we're not back in a week.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't go through, I mean.
Mike Sackton: like, are you going down the pole that like, do you need a grownup supervision?
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you sure
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're yeah, we're fine, trust condescending. Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: not 1,000 years old. Doesn't mean we can't make rational decisions.
Mike Sackton: Are you good to have
Mike Sackton: run down the
Eric Rosenbaum: crack and end up in the plane of elemental earth and never returned. If that happens, we'll let you know. Okay, there's only one way to find out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure we'll return from whatever misadventure as we get on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly. We have a lot of magic, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker Seeker has a lot of magic, you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
Mike Sackton: I will weave a link patrolling the entrance to the thing and tell it to
Mike Sackton: alarm if anybody crosses the boundary of the crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, dear, alright! Doesn't stop you.
Mike Sackton: I'll just know what to do.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what is Kenza? What are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think. I think myself and wellby, and and we're all we're all investigating the room now.
Timothy Sackton: Well, there's 3 other rooms besides the storeroom. There's the bedroom, there's the bathroom, and there's the kitchen hall
UU Church of Boulder: systematically through.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so start in the bedroom and go. It's like clockwise right? So start in the bedroom and go clockwise around.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, So
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna kinda hang out
less investigating and more keeping guard
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I'm not gonna stay in one spot exactly. But like I'll take my sort out. I'm like, gonna be keeping an eye out like I'll watch mostly watching people's backs more than actually trying to find you're gonna be the guy that's like looking at the pain on the wall and then touching the paint and being like the paint still wet, you'll be back. So
Timothy Sackton: so first thing,
Timothy Sackton:  the
Timothy Sackton:  Okay, so sorry. Where's my notes here?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so Kenzo. And well, be make investigation checks in the bed chamber. Kenzo, are involved.
UU Church of Boulder: I rolled a 21 and rolled 20.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you begin poking around the bedchamber. There's a rusted iron metal frame. There's no mattress or bedding, but it looks like there once was. It's just rotted out. Over many hundreds of years. This room is like. I mean, the iron is all rotting. There's a few what look like there was once candle holders, but now are just like little
Timothy Sackton: piles of rust on a stone table.
Timothy Sackton: There's a what probably was once a wooden shelf with
Timothy Sackton: books stored there, but it's all pretty much decayed.
Timothy Sackton: There's almost nothing organic left. There's a few rusting iron hooks that maybe one seldom wood hangings, and a slightly stained
Timothy Sackton:  spot on the floor, where there might have been a wooden wardrobe.
Timothy Sackton: 2 things that you find, however, Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: for both of you actually notice
Timothy Sackton: in the sort of dust and decay of the bookshelf there is a
Timothy Sackton: small book seems totally intact, untouched by time.
Timothy Sackton: with the title. The Enchiridion of the Occulta Ludum. and otherwise Blink.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a copy of that already, don't we? Do
Timothy Sackton: you do?
Timothy Sackton: There is also on the table a silver picture that is like water picture, completely uncorroded.
Timothy Sackton: again also seems untouched by time.
Timothy Sackton: Dealt with roller perception. Check.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. speaker and Fadrick. Enter the pantry. this is like. you know, everything is sort of desiccated and
Timothy Sackton: and dried out like there's
Timothy Sackton: stained bits are actually secret. Why don't you roll an investigation? Check
Timothy Sackton: baldric like, takes out his lifts up his  like it will turn it down.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! The worst you can roll.
Timothy Sackton: I'll roll for Fuldrick, too.
Timothy Sackton: Gotta look up what it's pluses It's you know everything is pretty.
Timothy Sackton: This looks like it might have once been a
Timothy Sackton:  at rolling.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! Fadrick also rolled a one great. We're just completely fixated on the crack. You're just like you're both kind of trying to look around, and there's like
Timothy Sackton: was like a stone chest.
Timothy Sackton: There's like some cracked leather goods, and like shriveled vegetables and stuff, and it just kind of looks like there's not much there. And you're just both kind of
Timothy Sackton: your eyes are drawn to this this crack.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the main thing.
Mike Sackton: keep an eye out for something. We might want to show the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have a mirror usage, and you sort of
Timothy Sackton: glance over occasionally towards the crack, and and fadrick like, shines up his light and begins to look at, and you can see like, without entering it, like the
Timothy Sackton: corridor, the the hallway behind this goes for quite some distance, and is like
Timothy Sackton: about 8 foot tall and circular.
Eric Rosenbaum: I turn diameter. I turn to founder. It's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: wonder what's in there.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. Looks like it goes quite some distance
Eric Rosenbaum: between us. We have the expertise to understand this situation clearly. We should find out.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. think I can squeeze through.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker puts his hand on the crack, would it?
Eric Rosenbaum: What could have made this crack in the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: Does it look like it was made by the flowstone itself, or by some? Oh, was it an impact
Eric Rosenbaum: from this side, or from the far side?
Timothy Sackton:  I'll give you a new investigation check for that
Eric Rosenbaum: nice
Timothy Sackton: seeker becomes focused slightly. Better. You really feel you have to like, get to the other side to really figure it out like it's hard to tell. It's sort of it. It looks like it almost looks like
Timothy Sackton: like a crack from like water freezing and thawing and freezing and thawing.
Timothy Sackton: but this like intruding stone. But you can see like looking in. There's a bit of the flow stone that sort of oozes down back the other side. But the the
Timothy Sackton: walls of the stone tunnel are not made up of this. They're much.
Timothy Sackton: They're like
Timothy Sackton: almost like smooth stone. just like the limestone of the cave. Not this kind of ripply, almost watery looking stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: is it? Is it lit in there?
Timothy Sackton: No, it's dark. But you have dark vision.
Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: project pulls out his flashlight.
Timothy Sackton: shines it down
Timothy Sackton: like like peers in
Timothy Sackton: it goes for like 200 feet like the extent of his
Timothy Sackton:  his light, and you can see there's like 2 or 3 kind of
Timothy Sackton: like boulder shaped
Timothy Sackton: lumps on the bottom about 50 feet down.
Timothy Sackton: but almost. They're like glinting a little bit like maybe there's some like metal or gem or something on them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I could use stone sense, although I think. did I try that last session?
Eric Rosenbaum: You used it last session. I don't know how many times you can use it per day. I have 3 charges, I think.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: but he didn't get anything from it last time. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I have 2 charges left.
Eric Rosenbaum:  well.
Eric Rosenbaum:  pretty curious about what those are.
That's like sleeping elementals that will wake and kill us all.
Mike Sackton: probably.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we're not in the room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, but don't we have telepathic our little telepathy link.
Eric Rosenbaum: which we always said.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's that? Seeker's not asking for advice when it comes to rocks? And you guys are in the middle of searching your room at the moment. That's right. Seekers also down to like half HP,
Eric Rosenbaum:  woo! So any kind of smell I could use, I mean, I have
Eric Rosenbaum: just to look at the thing. He's clairvoyance
Eric Rosenbaum: to look at it up close.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have a have a bunch of spell slots? Clairvoyance is a good idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: Faldrick. Do you have a way of looking at those things up close, I mean, aside from barging in there, which
Eric Rosenbaum: really we should just send.
Eric Rosenbaum: will be in there to shoot them, whatever they are, but
Timothy Sackton: he looks at his. He like shakes his head, looking at the bird on his shoulder. Useless bird!
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll fix up your bird.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Let me just like takes it down and puts it on the ground, and he says, Go.
Timothy Sackton: and it like takes one step and then topples over.
Eric Rosenbaum: I no, I don't, as you can see.
Timothy Sackton: I'll go. It'll be fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, no, give give me a second here I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Send my clair clairvoyance sensor out.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'll just put it very clever. I'll put it a few feet from from the nearest one of those lumps.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, at this point. You've finished searching the bedchamber.
Timothy Sackton: and and move on to the like
Timothy Sackton: kitchen hall. downt. You've been overhearing this conversation from
Timothy Sackton: Seeker and
Timothy Sackton:  fadrick, and you hear Seeker beginning the I think the casting time of clairvoyance is like 10 min right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I thought it was in action
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 min. You're right.
Timothy Sackton: So as Seeker begins chanting to cast the clairvoyant spell, you can. You can. You know what they're doing at this point? If you wanna
Timothy Sackton: do anything? So Welby and Kenza move into the I assume you take the silver picture and the
UU Church of Boulder: the book.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: and drink whatever's you want to.
Mike Sackton: Is there anything in the picture
Timothy Sackton: there is?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, there's some water in the picture.
Mike Sackton: probably magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that can't be good. Oh,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any any vibes from the water tin, is it? Old book and water.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: are you gonna drink some?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, let's stop washing it around. It seems just like water. Let's pour some into a little, a little canteen, a little contend of rehab and throw it into the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. Let's let's store some, and we'll put it in the that.
Timothy Sackton: There's not much. There's like 4 ounces or something of water, it seems. Looks like perfectly normal water.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's take this drink, Corey, and water and save it for later.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you move on into the
Timothy Sackton: into the sort of chamber the hall.
Timothy Sackton: This make in both. Make investigation checks.
Timothy Sackton:  21. Sorry I didn't see.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't see what Kenza was.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so you move in. And and this this room is. This room is almost completely empty.
Timothy Sackton: but poking around well, B, you can see
Timothy Sackton: you can see sort of stains on the floor where
Timothy Sackton: wooden furniture probably once sat, but has since rotted away and discolored the
Timothy Sackton: still in the process. And your guess is there's probably a table probably some benches or chairs, or other wooden furniture. There is a there is a hearth.
Timothy Sackton: and there's a fire flickering fire
Timothy Sackton: just sitting in the hearth, burning that's casting light into this room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: speaker's got goggles that can detect magic stuff right?
Eric Rosenbaum: I could also to. I mean. maybe I'll you know what while W. While seeker is doing his thing. I'll do detect magic. Do detect magic while he's casting covariance. Okay?
Timothy Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: I mean the fire is obvious.
Yeah, I'll keep
Mike Sackton: watch also, I mean, I'll keep my guard up right. But
Timothy Sackton: the fire is also is obviously magical. I mean, it's burning with no fuel in this hearth just kind of flickering.
Timothy Sackton: but otherwise the the hall is pretty much empty. It's like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  isn't that? Wait? Are are the book in the silver like magical teeth.
Timothy Sackton: Well, Dallasel Dallas. magic hasn't come up yet.
Mike Sackton: You guys, you gotta finish your search and come back and talk to deal with. It takes me 10 min to cast a tech magic right?
Timothy Sackton: But this this room is is mostly empty. This seems like it was probably like the dining hall, like maybe where servants slapped.
Timothy Sackton: There's like a discolored patch on the next to the wall that might have once been a
Timothy Sackton: straw bed or a pair of straw beds.
Timothy Sackton:  but it's but there's nothing other than the fire
Timothy Sackton: like this room actually looks basically empty. Now, everything in it has rotted away pretty much
UU Church of Boulder: alright.
Timothy Sackton: So move on to the bathroom as seekers spell finishes, and you send your clairvoyance sensor out
Timothy Sackton: about. I don't know. 80 feet down the hallway, 100 feet down the hallway above these
Timothy Sackton: like 3 sort of stone.
Timothy Sackton: bolder things. And you kind of stare at them. Make a
Timothy Sackton: perception check, I would say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: who, rolling strongly tonight. Wow!
Timothy Sackton: The only thing that strikes you is maybe a little strange about them. I mean, they look like just 3 3 bowlers.
Timothy Sackton:  but the only thing that's a little bit weird, perhaps, is
Timothy Sackton:  they don't like. And this is fairly obvious. Just looking at them. They're not. They're not like. Normally, you'd have a a floor, and then you'd have a boulder sitting on top of the floor
Timothy Sackton: right? These are like
Timothy Sackton: emerging out from the floor like the floor of the cavern. Kind of makes it. It's almost like they're buried in sand.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what they look like. They look like they're half buried in sand.
Timothy Sackton: except there's no sand. There's just solid stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: How big are they relative to the
Eric Rosenbaum: caverns? Shape?
Timothy Sackton: Each one is. Maybe
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. 5 feet across, 3 feet across. They're not huge.
Eric Rosenbaum: and the tunnel diameter
Eric Rosenbaum: is like 8 feet.
Mike Sackton: Are they like the tips of something, or they like how much of the
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's hard to tell, because kind of looking at them. And like, does it?
Mike Sackton: It's not a whole rock sitting on the top. No, it's like a boulder buried in sand.
Timothy Sackton: based on your geological background.
Timothy Sackton: like, these caverns are mostly limestone. This is not limestone. This is like granite. It's like some very hard rock that's like glinting with like little flecks of mica and
Eric Rosenbaum: crystal in it. And that's what the glint you saw was
Eric Rosenbaum: probably not a glacial phenomenon.
Eric Rosenbaum: most likely some kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: elemental intrusion, wouldn't you say if, Aldrich? But it seems so. But
Timothy Sackton: what kind is this?
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps a sign? We're no longer on the material plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: You mentioned that possibility before.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: what is this place and what happened here?
Eric Rosenbaum: All this flow stone makes it look like something has gone terribly wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what? Exactly?
Timothy Sackton: I did not know. History has never been my strong suit. I wonder where this tunnel heads, too.
Eric Rosenbaum: can't move my Clairhorn, since they're any further down it.
Mike Sackton: No, once it's in place, it's in place. I would very much like to know where this tunnel goes to for a moment. See if any sound is happening, since I was a kind of wander into the room is anything but I mean I don't. I guess I can only detect magic and 30 feet, so I can't tell. But is there anything magical the stone chest is magical. Oh.
Mike Sackton: there's a magic chest over there. Did you guys notice that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Notice what
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm pointing at? A you're talking about? It's magical. Oh.
Timothy Sackton: are you sure.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, wait. What's magic? The chest.
Mike Sackton: that's what you should we open that seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't expect it somehow.
Mike Sackton: Okay, let's take a look at the chest.
Mike Sackton: What does it look like? What kind of magic
Timothy Sackton: transmutation?
Mike Sackton: I'll motion for everybody to stand back.
Mike Sackton: I'll open it with May Chance.
Timothy Sackton: There is about 10 pounds of perfectly preserved, neatly butchered venison
Timothy Sackton: nestled within the chest.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now, that's useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amazing!
Eric Rosenbaum: How are we gonna get this thing back to the ship.
Mike Sackton: How big is it? Is that like
Eric Rosenbaum: it's about 3 foot square. If it only we had a portable hole into which you can put other extra dimension. Well.
Timothy Sackton: it's not bigger on the inside than it is on the outside. No, no, it's not bigger on the inside. It's just perfectly preserved on the inside.
Mike Sackton: I'll close it back up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is you have. You have a stone refrigerator? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Roughly, the size of a mini fridge, a little bit bigger than a Mini bridge. Not quite a full size.
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep things fresh for millennia
Timothy Sackton: for a thousand years. If you ever wanted to try 1,000 year old medicine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's gonna be dinner tonight, guys, of course.
Mike Sackton: that with some strange drink Orient water. What? What more?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wonder if it's specific to food, or if it's a box where time just doesn't pass inside it, which might be interesting also.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! Fascinating. Well, they I think you'd fit inside
Timothy Sackton: if you want to test it.
Timothy Sackton: How would we know, though I think you would fit inside, Padra?
Eric Rosenbaum: Would we? Now? Good question.
Mike Sackton: Well, you could leave somebody in there for
Mike Sackton: 20 min, and if they're dead when you open the lid because they couldn't breathe, you know it doesn't work.
Mike Sackton: I try a rat or something before a person, perhaps.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: this feels like a problem for another time. It does.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have we ever tried storing food in the mirror?
Mike Sackton: We have? Doesn't work. Oh, yeah, you have to be.
Mike Sackton: have to be a creature. So yeah, we've we've tried this. You can't put things in the mirror because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just saying as an alternate refrigerator, but okay, but have we tried going into the mirror and then coming, leaving stuff behind and then coming out? Does it come out with you.
Mike Sackton: I don't know anything you bring in with the mirror is injected when you depart the mirror.
Mike Sackton: Shall we? I'll sort of gesture back towards the hallway. I'm sure it would be worth seeing what's down here. But perhaps we could get some more clues in the storeroom first
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the workshop, the workshop. First. Are we all back together again?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I assume these are magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The 2 things they have assumer magic. Both of them are magical.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is the water magical?
Timothy Sackton: No.
UU Church of Boulder: Do we finish searching the bathroom?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, yes, sorry. I forgot about that. Make make investigation checks for the bathroom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Another natural 20.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wow!
Timothy Sackton: So the bathroom
Timothy Sackton:  is again. It's sort of remind. It's like the hall, there's
Timothy Sackton:  So there is a a
Timothy Sackton: stone tub.
Timothy Sackton: and a toilet, but everything is
Timothy Sackton: empty. Nothing seems to be magical here.
Timothy Sackton: it's very.
Timothy Sackton: but everything's made of stone, so it's fairly intact. Unlike the hall, but there's nothing you don't. You don't find anything kind of lurking around you. You see again, like a a stain on the floor, whether it was probably like a a wooden shelf, or or something like that, and there's a
Timothy Sackton: cracked and rusted metal basin that's like tipped over and fallen and split in half
Timothy Sackton:  that probably once.
Timothy Sackton: you know, with something you might have poured water into, or something like that made again made of. It's impossible to tell what of, but something that rusts.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: first of all, can we put the chest in the hole?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Requires all 4 of you
Timothy Sackton: to lift it. But
Timothy Sackton: you manage
Mike Sackton:  Second of all.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go check out the workshop.
Mike Sackton: But there could be some value in showing a fairly mundane item from this place to the mirror
Mike Sackton: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: we just to see who was here. I think we should have security on that we found
Eric Rosenbaum: before to the mere sub instant. Compare
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Welcome.
Mike Sackton: Yes, but not not, I think, not right now. Right like. Let's let's look for let's wait on that. I think there's other things that would give us more clues about who lived here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But why not that book?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, fair Point.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't that often round?
Mike Sackton: I guess I was thinking like
Mike Sackton: the water basin or something. You might see more about just the daily life who is here? Right?
Mike Sackton: But II don't know if I'm right about that. Actually, I guess I don't know why not the book, necessarily.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I actually think more than anything. Let's go check out the workshop right also, there before we. We don't want to go down the tunnel.
Mike Sackton: No, so can we.
Mike Sackton: The way these things work is you?
Mike Sackton: You need to learn what you can in the safer spots
Mike Sackton: that you're more prepared when you go to the danger spots.
Mike Sackton: That's how you stay alive for longer periods of time.
Timothy Sackton: You can mostly ignore deal with when yeah, when he gets like, that's that's that's not how I've stayed alive. But II admit, maybe
Mike Sackton: let's let's try it my way. Okay, if it if it doesn't work out.
Mike Sackton: you know you haven't lost anything. We can always go down the tunnel.
Timothy Sackton: It's like clusters are 20, and when we come back down with
Mike Sackton: well, how long does voids last
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 min?
Mike Sackton: I think it's unlikely they're gonna vanish in the next couple of minutes.
Mike Sackton: But if they do, that's very interesting. That suggests they're probably chasing us
Eric Rosenbaum: very slowly. Let's we'll keep an eye on them. It it does take to to work with my friends here. But
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we, I think we can. We can follow there. But
Timothy Sackton: okay. if you say so. Follow your lead this time
Eric Rosenbaum: into the workshop we go.
Mike Sackton: I am leaving the links guard there. By the way, anything comes out of the it's it'll trigger. It'll trigger. It's pacing back and forth, and like the 10 feet around the front of that crack. Okay?
Timothy Sackton: So you push open the door that leads into the workshop.
Timothy Sackton: And Fredrik's eyes. Just light up.
Timothy Sackton: This is clearly like a jeweler's workshop of some kind. There's 3 large stone tables in the middle. There's status, stone shells all. Oh, wait, hold on!
Timothy Sackton: Have a
Timothy Sackton: have a thing for this, I think.
Timothy Sackton:  there's 3 large. I'll I'll just describe it. While I'm trying to
Timothy Sackton: find this.
Timothy Sackton: there's 3 large.
Timothy Sackton: So there's the 3 stone tables. There's a set of stone shelves in the back. There's a metal chest next to the shelves.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: middle table has a bunch of neatly arranged like carefully ordered
Timothy Sackton: jewelers, tools. There's gales and pliers and lenses and molds, and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: The table to the left is set up with a small anvil and a crucible in tongs, and what looks like maybe some sort of brick oven sort of set on the on the table. This is, it's it's more like a forge than a real table. Covered in rooms.
Mike Sackton: If anything is magical. Can you just let us know? Yes, the the
Timothy Sackton: thing that looks like a brick oven covered in runes is magical radiates, evocation, magic.
Timothy Sackton: And then the final table has, like laid out on it, would look like sort of 6 projects in various states of completion, and a gold necklace, a pair of silver bracelets.
Timothy Sackton: It looks like maybe a small ring and a small brooch of some kind.
Timothy Sackton: Another ring and a silver tiara. That's the most elaborate thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  wait is, it? Is the brick oven like a pizza oven, like we can make match pizza
Timothy Sackton: it. It kinda vaguely looks like a pizza oven. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  Are any of the other in progress? Things magical, are they all? None of the in progress. Things are magical. The the shelves are also
Timothy Sackton:  The shelves are also
Timothy Sackton: here we go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: The shells are also. It'll like the shells are covered with a wide range of things if anybody wants to.
Timothy Sackton:  But let's what are you all doing? The only thing that's visibly magical in
Timothy Sackton: the room in the open is the
Timothy Sackton: brick oven.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, why don't we?
Timothy Sackton: The shells are sort of coated with stuff. The tables could be explored in more detail.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Explorer ransack.
Mike Sackton: I'll turn to Frederick and say you're welcome.
Timothy Sackton: He kind of smiled. He goes over to look at the table with tools.
Eric Rosenbaum: I will also investigate the brick oven more carefully.
Mike Sackton: 2 things one. Can I make out anything from the rooms
Mike Sackton: and to
Mike Sackton: like just is it, is it on? Is it like?
Mike Sackton: Does it look like it?
Mike Sackton: It's not hot, presumably right. I'll just poke around, try and understand a little bit more about it.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: Speak! What do you want to do?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll just investigate broadly. See, you know, through drawers. Look for look for any interesting items to invest the sac.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: the middle chest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll take care. Investigate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, and this is
UU Church of Boulder: will be proceeds from the assumption that, like
UU Church of Boulder: somewhere in here, is like a concealed
UU Church of Boulder: area, or like a hidden area, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he's searching for like secret drawers, secret chests, secret doors.
Mike Sackton: Good idea.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  So let's start with Dell with make an Arkana check.
Timothy Sackton: Didn't get that. Did you try to get
Timothy Sackton: okay. So you go over to the deal with begins to poke around looking at the this magical
Timothy Sackton: rick oven. it. It is definitely off like there is
Timothy Sackton: some way to activate it. You're not sure what way to activate it.
Timothy Sackton: And it it
Timothy Sackton: looks like a I mean, it looks like a sort of like a pizza oven, but it looks like I mean, it's right next to a
Timothy Sackton: anvil, and like there's a whole set of out crucible of like crucibles that you could heat up metal in, and tongs
Timothy Sackton: that look like they're of different sizes, like you might melt metal and poured into molds
Timothy Sackton: and then shape it on the end. Ball. The runes are all. There's nothing
Timothy Sackton: there's no like, you know, elaborate.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: in instructions for use written in these runes, but with your runes of the eye keeper, you do
Timothy Sackton: see that these are invocations of fire.
Timothy Sackton: But otherwise
Mike Sackton: not sure what else to make of it. And there's a like, you know, it's an oven right? There's a slot where you can.
Mike Sackton: Right? It looks like a mini pizza oven. Right? Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: potentially
Mike Sackton: could be used to make magic items
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only. But who knows?
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to be certain. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  covers about
Timothy Sackton: half of it's
Mike Sackton: okay. So little too big to like. Take
Timothy Sackton: it would be. It's too big to fit in the hole. It would take some serious effort to
Mike Sackton: bring it with you somewhere. I can think of a useful spot. We might want a magical pizza.
Mike Sackton: Just say it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's maybe 8. It's like.
Timothy Sackton: it's not exactly circular and deeper.
Timothy Sackton: right like deeper than it is wide, and it covers sort of half the table. So it's maybe
Timothy Sackton: 2, 3 feet by something like 8 feet. Something like that. Roughly.
Timothy Sackton: But it's
Timothy Sackton: it is like the walls are quite thick, like. There seems like there's a lot of insulation or material. The slop that you that's in the center. You couldn't make nice, big, round, circular pizzas. It'd be a little bit oblong
Timothy Sackton: in order to fit in the slot. It's not. It's clearly not designed of a pizza.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton:  okay, wellbe investigation. Or I guess a perception check
Timothy Sackton: or investigation, whichever you prefer to roll
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So you
Timothy Sackton: you're wellby is kind of moving around the room
Timothy Sackton:  just keeping an eye out for something that seems out of place, something that's.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a little bit
Timothy Sackton: off that might indicate some kind of
Timothy Sackton: secret chest or hidden area.
Timothy Sackton: Everything's quite dusty, like, you know, there's definitely some stuff that's
Timothy Sackton:  rotted away or been discolored.
Timothy Sackton: and you're sort of looking along the wooden shelves. and you'd notice like one thing that's maybe a little strange, which is the last
Timothy Sackton: like set. So there's like a series of panels like this of shelves right that are mostly rotted. And so the stuff that was on them has kind of
Timothy Sackton: tumble down, and you can see that the
Timothy Sackton: wall but behind is all discolored where there was like wood pressed up against it.
Timothy Sackton: except for like one where, about one foot by one foot that's not discolored.
Mike Sackton: Hmm!
UU Church of Boulder: Awesome. Can I check for traps and
UU Church of Boulder: and or try to open it.
Timothy Sackton: Make an investigation check.
Timothy Sackton: So you like.
Timothy Sackton: carefully poke along like careful not to touch it. Just kind of.
Timothy Sackton: I'm looking. And there is one. Okay. So you do notice there is one.
Timothy Sackton: Most of this. This back wall is quite smooth.
Timothy Sackton: There's like one little knob that sticks out slightly
Timothy Sackton: like a little bump that looks like it could slide in and out of the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Don't notice any obvious traps.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, I'll I'll open it up
Timothy Sackton: the panel. This nondiscolored part of the wall
Timothy Sackton: slide slowly some sort of mechanism, and you can see there's like a
Timothy Sackton: pole in the back. And there is a lead box in the hole.
Mike Sackton: Oh, snap! Portable hole! Red boxes are where you keep magic items that you don't want people to find.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright. I'll bring it out and set it on a table, and
Timothy Sackton: that's the more magically inclined people to take the look. Okay, as as
Timothy Sackton: Welby is doing this seeker, are you going to look at this metal chest. It is
Timothy Sackton: locked and somewhat rusted. Shut.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Who's good with locks, Welby, is this something you can figure out?
Yeah piece of cake.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So while he comes out with the lead box as you're investigating with Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: you've been just kind of poking around
Timothy Sackton: especially looking through the kind of stuff that's kind of collapsed to the bottom where the shelves have rotted those. Actually,
Timothy Sackton: quite a bit of sort of fairly interesting things that you uncover here.
Timothy Sackton:  so first of all, there's
Timothy Sackton: 2 dozen heavy bars of gold and silver.
Timothy Sackton: 8 bars, 8 gold bars that each weigh 10 pounds and 20 silver bars that each weigh 5 pounds.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amazing. definitely. Gonna I mean, invest, invest all those
Timothy Sackton: we should really invest the sack all the jewels on the table, too. If we're invested sacking here.
Timothy Sackton: there's a small box that has completely rusted shut.
Timothy Sackton: But that like, kind of
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like, feels like
Timothy Sackton: rolling around.
UU Church of Boulder: 80 pounds of gold is 1.8 million dollars.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is it really?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. So there's 50 gold pieces to a pound. So
Timothy Sackton: no, that's not right. Is that
Eric Rosenbaum: what did we tell Feldrick? 1, 16,
Timothy Sackton: 1, 16. And that's what he told us for maybe a hundred.
Timothy Sackton: If there's a hundred gold pieces to a pound. That means
UU Church of Boulder: conversion is not meaningful, and scarcity may look totally different, etc., etc.
Timothy Sackton:  It's a decent amount of gold. So there's a small box rolling around it. There's definitely something kind of
Timothy Sackton: in here.
Timothy Sackton: But you'll have to figure out how to get it open.
Timothy Sackton: II put that on the table with the other things. There's another like at the bottom here. There's a stone chest unlock. That's been where the top has been cracked.
Timothy Sackton: and you can see there's like a bunch of like all kind of rotted together in a a mush.
Timothy Sackton: but like
Timothy Sackton: fine metal wires, class settings, like other bits of small jewelry making material that is probably about half of it could be salvageable if you polished and cleaned it.
Timothy Sackton: There is like a bunch of discolored and oozing blocks of wax.
Timothy Sackton:  And then there's
Timothy Sackton:  another stone rack that's got 4 vials glass vials with some kind of
Timothy Sackton: silvery metallic liquid in them.
Timothy Sackton: and then there's a bunch of other like shattered glass and ceramic vials and jars that are kind of
Timothy Sackton: dialed around that have cracked and, like, you know, obviously, whatever would was within them has
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: vanish. But the gold, the 4 vial, the box. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II bring the salvageable
Timothy Sackton: artifacts from my investors acting, and leave them on the table with everything. Then the the 6 projects  on this table are all
Timothy Sackton: precious metals. There's a plain gold ring. They're all like slightly tarnished, but could easily be polished up.
Timothy Sackton: A plain gold ring. There's a silver kiara set with moonstones.
Timothy Sackton: There's a platinum ring finally engraved
Timothy Sackton: set with a tiny but perfect sapphire
Timothy Sackton:  There's a brooch enamel in red missing a central crisp crystal.
Timothy Sackton: There's a pair of silver
Timothy Sackton: bracelets, one of which has an intricate kind of set of etched symbols on it, the other, which looks half finished.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's a gold necklace with a pendant setting designed to hold the gemstone, but empty.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Anything magical for Della. None of this was magical.
Mike Sackton: What's up?
Mike Sackton: Let's look in our chests.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, why don't you while we make a
Timothy Sackton: the tax check plus proficiency
Timothy Sackton: to pick the lock.
Eric Rosenbaum: Rolling acrobatics cause that's equivalent
UU Church of Boulder: trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tinker's a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: The lock snaps open, but the chest is still rusted shut.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you open something that's rested shut.
Mike Sackton: Crowbar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just give it a little
Timothy Sackton: tappy tappy in just the right spot. Frederick walks it over, takes a silver cane, and just gives it open.
Timothy Sackton: Whack!
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks. Fred
Timothy Sackton: got it. You can hear the the rust
Timothy Sackton: fracking and the talk shifts a little bit, and he just like fries it open with his. with his silver cane, and inside. Okay, so inside the chests.
Timothy Sackton: this chest that you just smacked open, there's a phoenix feather that's warm to the touch.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Timothy Sackton: There's a small pile. perhaps, was once in a silk pouch of red dragon snit scales 8 total.
Timothy Sackton: What? There's a tiny glass pile with a drop of faintly shimmering water.
Mike Sackton: These are what you make magic items out of. There's a piece of ice.
Timothy Sackton: There are 2. Is the ice just sitting there like an ice cube sitting there like presumably no sign. It's melting. It's it actually looks like the tip of an icicle.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks.
Timothy Sackton:  there are 2 tuning forks
Eric Rosenbaum: each that looks slightly different.
Timothy Sackton: There are 4 metal rods.
Timothy Sackton: each engraved with runes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: each one of these projects interesting for the mirror
Timothy Sackton: representing earth, air, fire, and water.
Timothy Sackton: And there is a prism.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! So Delta said, something interesting, which is that these are the things you need to make powerful magical items. So that's what this place is. A workshop for making.
Mike Sackton: Oh, definitely, it's gotta be right. All the all the ingredients. There's a magic oven that makes it magical. Right? That's how you melt the metal.
Mike Sackton: Turn it magical somehow. Right?
Mike Sackton: There's these strange ingredients that you use
Timothy Sackton: when he sees the phoenix feather, and he looks at his bird. It looks at the feather.
Timothy Sackton: One sixteenth baldric we can negotiate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Looks like that thing's worth something. What? What?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you know about Phoenix feathers?
Mike Sackton: Are any of these things intrinsically magical? Are they all just
Timothy Sackton: style?
Timothy Sackton: No, not in the usual sense of detect magic, but they all have, like magical residue clinging to them in some way.
Eric Rosenbaum: but they're not like formed into something that would resonate with like a school of magic. And as like
Mike Sackton: they're like potential magic.
Timothy Sackton: And he looks at the Red Dragon. Scales.
Timothy Sackton: Wanted to shoot fireballs out of your
Timothy Sackton: airship. I have an idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: -Oh!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's your idea.
Timothy Sackton: Well, he looks around.
Timothy Sackton: I guess we gotta see what's in the forge first. But I could get this all powered out.
Mike Sackton: What's in the lead line monks
UU Church of Boulder: in the lead line box
Timothy Sackton: there is what looks like a sending stone.
Timothy Sackton: only a single one, not a pair made of smooth.
Timothy Sackton: polished granite, and with the letters FL. In elegant drinkorian script.
Eric Rosenbaum: SL. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there is a
Timothy Sackton: silver wand
Timothy Sackton: faintly magical.
Timothy Sackton: There is a leather bound book reinforced with iron and silver fittings locked with an iron lock
Timothy Sackton: strongly match. Go.
Timothy Sackton: gives off spellbook fives. There is a magical silvery cloak. like a like a cloak of this woven gray, silvery material. and there was a small vial of
Timothy Sackton: like really small vial of
Timothy Sackton: some kind of
Timothy Sackton: this gets liquid that's kind of bubbling and hissing slightly.
Mike Sackton: How many? Not entirely full, about 3 quarters full, or maybe a half full.
Mike Sackton: What can you identify? How many times can you identify things? Seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh. yeah, is that work again once
Mike Sackton: once per day.
Mike Sackton: and you don't know the identify spell right? It's only through your goggles.
Eric Rosenbaum: That sounds right. Oh, I do. I can do that.
Timothy Sackton: What do you know
Timothy Sackton: what is like? 10 min.
Mike Sackton: So should we
Mike Sackton: feels like an opportunity to regroup a little bit. maybe catch your breath, have a little meal. Identify some of these things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm hungry. It's well past lunchtime
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: about this venison for you to cook.
Eric Rosenbaum: so so we'll just go down the tunnel, and then do that. That sounds good. Let's do that before we go down the tunnel, and maybe consider whether seeker looking at this stuff.
Timothy Sackton: I'm not sure I'm leaving this room.
Mike Sackton: The Aldrich every once in a while
Mike Sackton: listening to others, does provide some wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says Elf.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said every once in a while. Well, we don't make a face, carefully lays out these
Timothy Sackton: 5 items from the lead box and just begins to first focus on
Mike Sackton: the small vial of oil. Can we? Short rest?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can enjoy rest.
Mike Sackton: And anybody who I mean dealt with will also, during the short rest, cook a meal.
UU Church of Boulder: Nice short rest. So I'm gonna stay on watch. I'm suspicious of things coming to kill us. That's reasonable, but you can short rest and watch at the same time.
Eric Rosenbaum: If I I forget the Hit Point Restoration rules for short rest.
Timothy Sackton: you can roll hit dice.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: wait. I'm trying to think. Didn't I have some ability that
Eric Rosenbaum: 40.
Mike Sackton: Anybody who consumes this meal during a short rest regains additional 2 hit points per hit die they expense.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's what I was looking for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: level.
Mike Sackton: you get one hit die per level, and every hit die is plus
Mike Sackton: to above what it's normal. So hit die is usually
Mike Sackton: your dice, whatever your hit there, plus your con, and then add 2 to that per die
Eric Rosenbaum: if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it's d sixes, or
Mike Sackton: it's whatever your class hit. Dice are.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have 48 plus 8 of hit dice, so I should make it plus 10 plus 10.
Mike Sackton: Now, plus 8 plus 16
Mike Sackton: plus 2 per die.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Mike Sackton: So if you roll 2 dice, you get plus 4. If you roll 4 dice you get plus. hey?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there? Easy? We get a roll, hit dice and and dnd beyond quick roll hit dice.
See ya.
Mike Sackton: if you click on short rest it should give you some boxes 9 plus 11. I nailed it. I mean, it's a role within one of my next 9,
Mike Sackton: and you don't have to hit dice. You can. You don't have to say how many are using, and then
Mike Sackton: roll them all. You can roll one, add your hip points for all the next. Add your hip points right? So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got it. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't know that. Okay.
Mike Sackton: so let's see, I healed 18 plus 4.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Wow! I rolled 3, 7. That's crazy.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So as you all relax and
Timothy Sackton:  have some food. Have your late lunch. It's it's now, you know, it's about 2 in the afternoon as you begin this rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sorry we really couldn't apologize. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: like, it's, it's we have an additional plus 2 compared to what's shown in our Indian beyond. Yeah, correct? Yeah, yeah, on nice. That's that's amazing. Yeah. So if you roll 4 dice, you get plus 8.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I'm I'm with it perfect. Thanks. Sorry.
Timothy Sackton:  As you finish your meal, Faldick goes through each one of the items. He's he's been in the short rest. He can identify
Timothy Sackton: all 6 of the items, including the Ricobin. He first holds up this vial of of oil, this bubbling vial.
Timothy Sackton: Be careful with this. This is a universal solvent. It will dissolve anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's it being stored in
Mike Sackton: magic?
Timothy Sackton: Magic? Obviously
Eric Rosenbaum: so not any. While it is within this vial. It is inert.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like you can see this like a little sort of glass, like pipe glass dropper. It looks like there's maybe 2 or 3 drops left. Some of it has been used.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm sure, that could come in handy in it so
way I love it.
Timothy Sackton: This cloak?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: etc. It's a cloak of Alvinkind makes you hard to see easy to hide.
Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: This book is a spellbox. but it's protected by a very strong magical rock. Do not know how to open.
UU Church of Boulder: He's the solvent
Timothy Sackton: that would work.
Eric Rosenbaum: should I?
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe not not right this moment.
Mike Sackton: None of us are wizards.
Timothy Sackton: A. The wand. This wand is an art was once presumably an arcane focus for a wizard but it also allows you to cast the
Timothy Sackton: dancing lights spell at will and without requiring concentration. It's a cantrop.
Timothy Sackton: and this is the sending stone, of which I believe that you are familiar without its pair, who might be on the other end is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm a hundred percent ready to use it right now. Make a call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably go for it.
Timothy Sackton: What are you going to say?
UU Church of Boulder: I think whoever uses it should speak Drankhorian.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm, oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I speak. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only we had some kind of I mean, I could cast, tug, spell, and speak any language, although actually, technically, when Kenzo gets to be thirteenth level, he can speak and understand every language just by communicing with Key.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Mike Sackton: That's useful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Cool? Yeah. Why don't know? Why don't Dalith and I try talking to the rock?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, what are you gonna say.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  hello! Who's there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I would.
Mike Sackton: I would ask.
Mike Sackton: I mean, okay, let's talk about this for a minute before we say anything.
Mike Sackton: We wanna.
Mike Sackton: I mean. are we trying to pretend like? Where whoever was here.
Mike Sackton: or are we trying to just be like, Hey, we found you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't think we should present anything because that will lead to failure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: although it is true that if whoever's on the other side of this has abilities to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: launch traps or do other things to us while we're here? That's a consideration. And should we look at something in the mirror before we talk through the stone to try, in fact, to we even look at the so the stone itself in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting idea. Keep in mind. We can't hear anything, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in the mirror could potentially see.
UU Church of Boulder: And
Mike Sackton: because, similarly, the stones were together at 1 point. Yeah, we could probably see who last used it right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which would be
Mike Sackton: the spell book or the forge. There's a lot of things I can imagine being useful.
Mike Sackton: But no stone. Yeah, go. I mean? I'm not. I think if we're we're about to use the sending stone, we may as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I really don't know. I'll go with whatever you guys II don't have a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: II can imagine almost anything in this room would be useful. Kind of gives a look around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well, I'll be looks unshare. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wellby, what do you think?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, my only hesitation is II just don't know how much we'll get, you know. We'll see a person pulling a stone.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, but hopefully we'll see them encountering the other half of its pair. Right
UU Church of Boulder: should be together, so we should have a sense at least, who the stone is given to the other stone was given to. The other thing to think about is.
Eric Rosenbaum: this, is for communication between a pair of people on one end of it. We know they are long since deceased. Probably that's true. At the other end, right? It's somebody somewhere else in the Drancorian Empire that died a thousand years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we're not likely to be able to contact anybody
Mike Sackton: who knows. Let's mirror it, and then we'll re reconvene right? Like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe. Yeah. So an earth elemental. But unless there's any other object we think is more compelling than this stone
Eric Rosenbaum: in 3 team one.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Go. You set up. You take, stretch out the portable hole.
Timothy Sackton: climb down, take out the mirror, set it up. We should surreptitiously dump stuff in the hole. That's out right.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, all the stuff. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I assume you're
Timothy Sackton: rip your.
Timothy Sackton: what is the word
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: investor sacking?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's a great word.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I like ran, investigate as well. But brand investigate. Investigate. Brand, investigate is what you do before you investigate. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Investigating is the conclusion of the process. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton:  so you? You hold up the the stone into the mirror and you
Timothy Sackton:  Ask for a vision. What is? What is your question that you're trying to orient your visions around?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We. I think we want to learn more about the people
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that were here that use these that that use this item, and it's pair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and to learn more about them.
Timothy Sackton: So make a wisdom check.
Timothy Sackton: Am I the most wisdomy person plus 3? You are the most wisdom, 13 plus 3 16. Okay, so you hold up the stone and you see the the
Timothy Sackton: The mirror goes black, and then the an image appears, and you see, a woman, maybe mid-thirty is a little bit hard to say. Wearing the silvery cloak.
Timothy Sackton: That you can. That's you just saw dressed in
Timothy Sackton: and and otherwise underneath that cloak, seemingly dressed in sort of plain like simple robes. She's she has what? You can't see her hair too much underneath the cloak. But it seems to be short and tied back. Dark hair.
Timothy Sackton: she has green eyes and sort of lightly tan skin, and she's she's holding up the stone, and and she's speaking into it.
Timothy Sackton: It's not a while we can read lips, but this is not a language. Well, we knows, and we've previously established that
Mike Sackton: attend that lip. Reading on languages you don't know does not really work. Is she the same? She's not the same person.
Timothy Sackton: She is not the same person that you saw in the image. However, she is perched standing it what looks like the waterfall that you entered this cave from.
Timothy Sackton: and she's speaking into the the thing. Crouch. She's clearly hiding, and she takes out the symbols, the silver wand and mutters something under her breath and vanishes
Timothy Sackton: like she was just casting a spell.
Timothy Sackton: and then the image jumps back. And you can see the same woman
Timothy Sackton: now dressed in
Timothy Sackton: like silk robes.
Timothy Sackton: like sort of leisure where but but vaguely drank. Orient is your sense? sitting in what looks like
Timothy Sackton: It's like a it's like a like a what's the word I'm looking for?
Timothy Sackton: It's like a tent, but like a really fancy one like the sort of it's not a royal tent, but it has that sort of like kind of setup of like like
Timothy Sackton: like what you see in like fantasy movies of like, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Aragorn's tent, or whatever right? It's like, clearly, like a A, the leader of some groups tent and she's she's sitting, and she's listening to
Timothy Sackton: 6 people around a table talk, and there's 2 stones on the table. Along with the cloak.
Mike Sackton: And this little vial. Is it vial? Let me see here like.
Timothy Sackton: is it this room, or is it somewhere else? Oh, no, no, no! This is this is in the tent.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, okay, in a tent, right? There's 5 people sitting around a table in this like fancy tent speaking. One elf.
Timothy Sackton: 5 humans. They seem to be having a a heated discussion. There's words going back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: When when this woman stands up and like everybody, quiets down and she's saying something seems to be speaking passionately, like, you know, pointing her finger. A all again, speaking presumably during Corey and and then
Timothy Sackton: the Alf kind of nods. passes her the cloak and the
Timothy Sackton: and one of the 2 stones, and the small vial like, grasps her hand and shakes her hand.
Timothy Sackton: And then everybody sort of gathers together, and everybody's
Timothy Sackton: like, you know, shaking her hand, or like giving her hugs, or sort of padding on the back, and that the the vibe you get is sort of like.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Wish, you know, wishing your fellow luck on a super dangerous mission that nobody thinks they're likely to come back from.
Timothy Sackton: And who's likely? Who looks like they're on the Mission? Is she? Look like she's gonna be on the Mission the Alf handed her the sending stone, the off handed her the silvery cloak and the vial of oil. The elf is alive and has the other sending stone, though?
Mike Sackton: Yup possible. Okay, but they they're like they seem like friends or companions, or this is like,
UU Church of Boulder: yes, dealt with. Do you recognize the out?
Mike Sackton: All else? Do not know each other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait, wait, Cadel, with lip free valve was the we need to. We need to like, we need to do this better next time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, any other sense of era just by looking at the the like, based on garbage.
Mike Sackton: Ii assume. II mean, obviously I don't. I assume I don't know the elf, but also
Mike Sackton: any.
Mike Sackton: I guess it might be hard to
Mike Sackton: any sense of where I mean. I can I tell anything about where the elf might be from. Are there regional styles and
Eric Rosenbaum: your jewelry?
Timothy Sackton: It's the Alf is not wearing the off. Everybody is wearing drink Orient style. The Alf is not wearing like elven clothing, and the humans wearing human clothing. Everybody is wearing clothing, and you do know that there were quite a number of bells who were part. Yeah, we're part of the drinkorian community.
You're
Timothy Sackton: that was cool. Yeah, it's a useful function. Can we do another one?
UU Church of Boulder: So probably enough on the other side of this thing, though. Huh? Should reach out and say, we, I've recovered the other sending stone. And wanna know if you're
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah, I'm I'll say it. I'll I'll I'll pick it up and say some sort of greeting in Elvish, and
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens for about a minute, and then you hear this small voice
Timothy Sackton: like the voice of a child.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wow! Saying in Chardonnian, It's someone there
Eric Rosenbaum: it
Mike Sackton: did you speak?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're all telepathic right now. Right? Chardonnian ransacked
Mike Sackton: parents. We need to talk to the parents. No, no, no, we don't wanna talk to the parents yet. Who are you? Are you, Benji?
Mike Sackton: Who's asking?
Timothy Sackton: You don't know who you don't know who I am?
Timothy Sackton: You're not Benji.
Mike Sackton: Then she might be around.
Mike Sackton: or maybe it's just not safe to reveal themselves. How do I know that you're not a trick?
Timothy Sackton: I don't understand. The voice sounds like maybe 4, 5.
Mike Sackton: Where did you find me
the
Mike Sackton: promise you won't tell promise.
Timothy Sackton: When my dad left, found you in his study. Never told my mom. Who is your dad?
Timothy Sackton: He's he's gone.
Mike Sackton: Yes, what what was his name? Claudio? No, wait, I use that name. It's not the same Claudio. Don't read into anything. Lots of people in the real world have the same name. You know, totally plausible that many people would have the same name. Claudio
the
Mike Sackton:  I mean, is it culturally, when Chardonnians generally have more than one name or no.
Timothy Sackton: maybe, although like how much a 4 year old would
Timothy Sackton: wow! For you all usually know their last, I mean, I would say, last names are would not be common among just like the peasant class. Right? Like, yeah, it's hard to say.
Mike Sackton: Right? Where where are you?
Timothy Sackton: Hi? I'm in the garden.
Mike Sackton: What city?
Mike Sackton: Where's your home?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well, if you gotta talk like you're the rock. So it's what city are we in? Oh, good point.
Timothy Sackton: Wha what city are we in? We've never left zoom and audio.
UU Church of Boulder: Where is that?
Mike Sackton: Whereas do we do we know that city never heard of it, really. Oh, that's exciting! That's super exciting. So city we've city. We've never heard of. What was it called? Can you put it in chat?
Mike Sackton: What what did Claudio do?
Timothy Sackton: My mom says he was bad.
Mike Sackton: Was he bad? Do you? Do you remember him as bad
Timothy Sackton: scared me?
Mike Sackton: When did he leave?
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: my mom kicked him out a year ago. I don't really remember
Mike Sackton: what's your mom's name?
Mike Sackton: Jack Gbt is really good at names
Timothy Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: Antonia. Oh, used to Antonia, too.
Timothy Sackton:  Vivia.
Mike Sackton: what does she do?
Mike Sackton: Do you have enough food to eat?
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes? Mostly
Timothy Sackton: the farm was okay.
Timothy Sackton: Sometimes there's people in the inn.
Timothy Sackton: We're the only inn in town, and there's not that many travelers these days.
Mike Sackton: Where do the travelers come from? Do you know?
Mike Sackton: Far away or near by.
Timothy Sackton: My mom says that used to come from all over.
Not so much anymore.
Mike Sackton: Are you ever cold?
Timothy Sackton: No. we have wood for the fire.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Wait! So what language are they speaking? Again, Chardonnian, Chardonnian, Chardonnian.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there any accent to it? Or it's just straight up to it, and
Timothy Sackton: it's just it's sort of generic Jordanian
Mike Sackton: could be a small town that we? That's why we don't. I mean, it could be a small town somewhere. Is there a river nearby
Timothy Sackton: Lake Lake. What lake? Like Lake Lake Cilantros? You don't. It's the biggest lake in the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, do we know about that?
UU Church of Boulder: I guess. Like in the
Timothy Sackton: that's this this big lake.
Timothy Sackton: and it's sort of northeast of the Empire.
UU Church of Boulder: Oh, wow! Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: alright.
Mike Sackton: Have you ever met an elf?
Timothy Sackton: And oh.
Timothy Sackton: my mom tells me stories about them.
Timothy Sackton: She says they're real.
Mike Sackton: I believe that, too, most of the time.
Timothy Sackton: What's your name? Did he tell us his name? No, he didn't.
Timothy Sackton: His name is Lucius.
Mike Sackton: They say, Flucius.
Mike Sackton: it's best. If no one knows I'm here. Okay.
Mike Sackton: okay, Benji, we might talk talk to me before
Mike Sackton: yeah, I was saying, happy. I was lost. It was hard to find my voice. It might go away again. Don't be scared if it does.
Mike Sackton: but I'll try to talk to you again sometime.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Has anybody ever talked to him before through this
Mike Sackton: has? Oh, that's a good question.
Mike Sackton: I haven't talked before, have I? No, Benji's never talked before. Very glad to hear your voice, Benji. I'll I'll tell him
Mike Sackton: I'll give him the word home in Elvish, and I'll repeat it a few times
Mike Sackton: right, and I'll say, this is our word. This is our secret word, so that you know it's really me right if somebody else talks to you and doesn't start the conversation with that word. It means they're a trickster. They're trying to pretend to be somebody. They're not Benji.
Mike Sackton: So be careful. And just remember what they say. If that happens, cause I might come and ask you.
Mike Sackton: can you say that word back to me? It's our secret word.
Mike Sackton: He says it back.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and maybe he can contact us if he ever needs to put it like that. Do we get the location? Do we know where he is.
Timothy Sackton: Lake Falandras is on. It's this big lake north east of Chardon.
Timothy Sackton: a. A small, the whatever town Luminato, the town he lives in has only a single in, so it must be pretty small. I did. I know of this town, Tim, like growing up in Trenton
Timothy Sackton: now
Mike Sackton: it's gotta be quite small. Isn't the lake the center of like where all the chatlight mining is?
Timothy Sackton: No, that's north of the lake. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'll put the rock away, I mean, I'll say goodbye and tell him that. Tell him the word. One more time.
Mike Sackton: Have a repeat it back.
Mike Sackton: and then hang up.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're a pet Rock Benji. Now that's the situation. That was new. Job is to be the imaginary friend to a child thousands of miles away. That's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we have no idea. How did sorry did he do we talk? Do you say how long he's had the rock? Did did that have always have the rock? He didn't. I mean
Timothy Sackton: he's he was like 5. He wouldn't know Dad at the Rock. He took his mom, kicked his dad out of the house like
Timothy Sackton: a year ago, and he took it at that point, and
Eric Rosenbaum: it was out in the garden for some reason, so it must have just been. He was in the garden. No, he took it from his dad's study it appeared that he like carried around with him, and like
Mike Sackton: clearly used it as an imaginary friend. But unclear. How his dad got it.
Mike Sackton: I mean, it could just be a random could just be total coincidence
UU Church of Boulder: or not.
Timothy Sackton: Cheap souvenir rocks that have, like a word carved in them.
Mike Sackton: It looks like something like that, except that has these. This FL. In drankorian script carved into it. Obviously not a natural rock, but detect magic. We should have asked what his rock looks like. I guess I could call him back and ask well, it only has. It has a limited number of minutes per day.
Mike Sackton: I mean Lake Ndr. Is not. It's I mean it could have been. and Alf had it, and died in the
Mike Sackton: could have even been before that, right like it could have been in the plagues, or something like that. This is all
Mike Sackton: in elf in, if I remember the history correctly, the elves mostly well, sorry. No, of course, once drank or foul, you wouldn't likely have elves in in the human Drake Gorian mode. Right? So there's not only could it have been the great war it could have been like who knows
Mike Sackton: but most of the outs that fled the fall of drank or
Timothy Sackton: settled in the area that was Dalit's homeland, like that was a relative to backwater before the fall drank or in bed
Mike Sackton: became foreign loss was the like center of Elvin
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: civilization during the drink. Corny Empire. Wait, let's just let's just reflect a moment on what we saw in the mirror as well. So there was some kind of council meeting that was held.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And the woman who's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it was it was the woman that we saw. In the first in the waterfall, like she cast a spell disappeared.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but not same woman. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And also the same woman from the hologram. When we came in different woman. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any similarities between the 2 women
Timothy Sackton: I mean, both wearing drink, Corey, and clothing. There's a skeleton, elderly, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hey, we could speak with.
Mike Sackton: We don't sorry. Go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I was just like, let's just let's just do some wild speculation here. So. presumably at some point. During this council.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the the Drankorian spellcaster, assumingly wizard.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yep in here
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a part of a mission to accomplish something. And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something happened to that person. So coming here was a was an important goal for potentially that council.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And so
Timothy Sackton: she came. Something. Obviously she never left here, because if she was a wit, if it's a spell book which it is.
Timothy Sackton: and she's a wizard. She never would have
Timothy Sackton: left her spell book behind. Right? Yeah. Oh, it was first, probably. Did we see her spell book in the in the. In the first we saw her with the the vial full.
Timothy Sackton: It was fall.
Mike Sackton: so she used some of it
Eric Rosenbaum: the Mega tunnel?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no. So here's 2 questions. Wedding here to make something exactly. Did she come here to make something? Was that what she was here to do. What's odd is that all her stuff was packed up in a box?
Mike Sackton: She clearly didn't do that
Mike Sackton: right like unless she came here to like.
Mike Sackton: It's hard like she either came here and was like doing something here, and this was her base
Mike Sackton: where she came here, and she died, and her treasure was put in a box by whoever killed her right. This is the part where the pain is still wet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  man, I wish we could use the mirror again. I know. One thing that we got to research is how to do the mirror more frequently. That would be like, Yeah, like, you will never get.
Timothy Sackton: It's gotta have a slow timeline.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Otherwise
Timothy Sackton: we need to mirror the box. We need to mirror the box and see. Put all the fucking stuff in the box. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: that's what I was thinking, right? Like, if only we knew who put all the stuff in the box.
Eric Rosenbaum: But Tim has to be prepared for any of these eventualities which is impressive.
Mike Sackton: What are we gonna learn here? I mean, why don't we? Just
Mike Sackton: at this point I think it's time to go into one of the dangerous spots. Wait, but let's just wildly speculate for another moment. So if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if she was sent here, if she came here and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nominally was living here. Her spell book was here. She was trying to make something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  who the fuck is in that? The hologram? Who was that lady?
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: see, I don't think she came here and was living here.
Mike Sackton: I think she I think she came here and died. and then whoever killed her put her stuff in a box
Mike Sackton: as like treasure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, who was? Who was the lady in the vision? Who was that? The person?
UU Church of Boulder: Maybe we should talk with the prisoner.
Mike Sackton: Talk with the prisoner.
UU Church of Boulder: It's yeah, the one
UU Church of Boulder: the skeleton checklist.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think that's a good next move. Honestly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, there's too many mysteries here. It's too hard to tell. Yeah. And like, what do we have these scrolls and all these magic things? For if we're not gonna use them.
UU Church of Boulder: I think, like the the scroll doesn't compel them to say anything. And like. I feel like we've been saving it a long time. But like any of our dead enemies are not gonna tell us anything exactly. This is somebody that might actually have something that wants to tell us because they can. They were trapped in in captivity so they might be excited to talk to us. Actually.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, sorry! Seeker. You're gonna ask Padric a question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how does what, what can we expect in that other room like here.
Eric Rosenbaum: right here in this workshop, are all the tools needed to make the magic items like, what is that anvil for over there there is not not a source of power here, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you mean? Like a furnace, an elemental furnace?
Timothy Sackton: Exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: You must.
Timothy Sackton: You could feel it before. Couldn't you cancel the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: good
Timothy Sackton: elemental tang? It's it's gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree. I agree with all those warding rooms on that door. I think we go through that room. We're gonna be in the full force of the elemental furnace.
UU Church of Boulder: I think you make those stuff here, and you bring it in there to be enchanted
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that makes sense
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that makes sense. So she was sent here to make some kind of powerful weapon or item.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but was imprisoned before she had a chance to.
Timothy Sackton: This is history and politics. I don't know anything about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's see. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go speak with the dead. This is. This is dude easy, but all I know is, if I put those red dragon scales on that
Timothy Sackton: magic metal you've got, and bring it into the other room.
Timothy Sackton: I can make a pretty good cannon for your chef.
Mike Sackton: So oh, yeah, I start
Mike Sackton: doing that while you do the dangerous stuff. I want to widely speculate for a few more minutes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree. Don't don't lose that bad.
Mike Sackton: because I think.
Mike Sackton: okay. If she came here to build something. what's the deal with the
Mike Sackton: let's deal with the lady in the in the image. Right?
Mike Sackton: Why, why would it have been dangerous to come here to build something?
UU Church of Boulder: And there's a question for the prisoner.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, I mean.
do we have more
UU Church of Boulder: data to go off
Mike Sackton: at this point?
UU Church of Boulder: I guess you have something like.
Mike Sackton: no, I can't think of it. Just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's bugging me a little bit the sequence. Yeah, it feels as though if they ended up imprisoned. Then either
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they were living here. Either somebody else was here when they came, or somebody else came later.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and after they had made their home here, somebody else came later and in prison and killed them.
Mike Sackton: or I guess the forge could have been abandoned at the time she came here. We don't know how old the image is right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But how did you get that in prison?
Mike Sackton: Well, because there's some sort of terrible thing working in the forge room that we're about to go. Awaken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no! We're gonna go talk to the dead first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: After we awaken the terrible thing by accident. Awaken the terrible thing in the forge room that we're not accidentally awakening anything. We're Gonna go talk to go ahead, Kenza. Yes, III understand. Kenza got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Frederick, seriously, is like
Timothy Sackton: hanging back. He just he's sending you into that room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just gonna do a little like inventory and prep work here, I think, for the fire cannon. That sounds good
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are we all agreed on Frederick, working on the fire. Cannon.
Timothy Sackton: fire, cannon actually,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: elemental cannon spray. Whatever we want.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta poke around a little bit. I wonder what you could do with this
Timothy Sackton: prism? Maybe.
Mike Sackton: Patrick, II think.
Mike Sackton: take your time. Stay here.
Mike Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: Present us with some options. Well, we're gonna go options. Let's give it some options.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: make a Google deck. Just given one idea per slide. And then we'll we'll hopefully nothing will come out
Mike Sackton: after us towards you. I'm just gonna like
Timothy Sackton: push a few things against the door. If you want to get through. knock.
Timothy Sackton: Can you do that trick again done with with your eyes and walls
Mike Sackton: I can
Timothy Sackton: knock.
Timothy Sackton: I'll hold up some fingers. You tell me what number I'm holding up, and I'll let you in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: great
Mike Sackton: sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: That seems like a safe way to do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Let's talk to the bike. Have fun.
UU Church of Boulder: You, too.
Eric Rosenbaum:  Let's remember to check his pockets before I leave.
Mike Sackton: We shovel all the valuable stuff into the hole which is back in our
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: block. It? Yeah, yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  Let's go. There's something bad on the other side of the door, right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Which door
Mike Sackton: the the forge. There's something bad of there, don't you think?
Mike Sackton: Well, we're not. Let's let's let's deal with that later. Let's go talk to the body first. Oh, fuck! I thought it was okay.
Mike Sackton: Sorry you missed that. Yeah, no. The bodies in the same room as the forge.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, let's do it like, what else are we gonna do? I'm just debating whether I should have to explore that room. But yeah, Tim, is there? Do I have any all any feeling at all about what's on the other side of the door based on
Mike Sackton: It's like.
Mike Sackton: do we have? We have the thing with the thing, the the augury mirrors.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can't we like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do something? Yeah, I can. Actually, that's actually good. I can do it. I can ask whether or not it's smart to, or open the door if it's good for us to open the door.
Timothy Sackton: Well, how exactly. Do you phrase the question?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, good point, then wait. But but before we do that, before I ask that, can I just tell you you're about to say, do I have it? Is there any sensation about? It's like when you first came in? It's like there's a
Timothy Sackton: like you, I mean, you can all. See, there's like these magical rooms carved on this bronze door.
Timothy Sackton: and it's like there's a
Timothy Sackton: it's almost like it's like lead, right? It's like there's you can't feel anything beyond that.
Timothy Sackton:  you have no sense from your commune with nature of anything on the other side of this door. It's like a blank slate. It's like a something's blocking you avoid. Try to read the rooms.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, yeah, you, I mean, you sort of did right. They're like rooms of elemental protection. Right? They're like words.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we speak with dead through the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think so. Most most spells require line of sight.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Is the door locked.
Timothy Sackton: The door is not locked.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Just crack it open. We're gonna do the thing, the marriage, the lockery. I can even argue with my staff lies on the far side of the door, but also what we seek.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, no! But there may be a safer way to open the door right? So I can ask
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I can ask you if it's okay, just to open if we would be okay, just opening the door as a without doing anything else. If you were to just go. Do that, Bobby. Let me just ask that
Mike Sackton: state the question exactly as you're asking. We should ask if we should, if it would be wise to go through the door
Mike Sackton: unprepared for battle.
UU Church of Boulder: I like it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, no, no, I don't think we should ask that cause. I think we want to know if anything's bad, gonna happen it's your staff you could do whatever you want, but we should find out if there's the goal here is to understand, should we use spells to be prepared for battle now?
Mike Sackton: Or
Mike Sackton: is there nothing really particularly dangerous on the other side of the door right away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's my goal, at least. But you might have a different goal, and it's your staff. So well, I'll ask. I'll ask, is it wise for us to open the door as is without any further preparation?
Timothy Sackton:  What are the what are my choices here?
Timothy Sackton: One sec.
Timothy Sackton:  It's
Timothy Sackton: it's wheel and woe
Timothy Sackton: like, basically, it's
Timothy Sackton: not the end of the world, but it could be better.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Communicate that to you. Everybody looks like this. Speak with dead scroll. We gotta be within 10 feet and we get 5 questions.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's do it. But
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast. I'm gonna do my long duration. Perhaps I think that makes sense.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we all be invisible, too?
Mike Sackton: I don't think that's worth it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not? I don't know. It's a lot.
Mike Sackton: Maybe that's a better. It's just it doesn't last that long visibility only last a couple of minutes. Oh, no less an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, we met some water elementals the tragically.
Timothy Sackton: Whoever uses the spell will become unavisable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? And what do you mean?
Eric Rosenbaum: You can't cast once you cast, speak with Dad, you're no longer. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Whoever can't speak with dad. Correct? Yeah, II
Mike Sackton: I don't think invisibles. I'm gonna I'm gonna
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna do some other things, but not invisible.
Mike Sackton: Not. I don't think we need invisibility.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can always cast it right?
Timothy Sackton: Okay, well, let's move it along.
Mike Sackton: So I'm doing whatever you're doing, blasting up perception so I can see invisible.
Mike Sackton: And I'm doing armor of Agatha's.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then you push open the door by taking a deep breath.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: as the
Timothy Sackton: as the door swings open, you see on the other side the scene that I that I described before this.
Timothy Sackton:  that
Timothy Sackton:  this room.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry. I'm just setting up the I didn't
Timothy Sackton: prep. This here's here's roughly the idea.
Timothy Sackton: I need to move Schwartz away from the anvil.
Timothy Sackton:  It is a.
Timothy Sackton: It is a large circular room just about 60 feet across.
Timothy Sackton: There's a there's a large anvil in the center.
Timothy Sackton:  surrounding the anvar like sort of, you know, maybe 20 foot diameter circle.
Timothy Sackton: There's like these swirling sort of colors patterns in the in the stone
Timothy Sackton: that are giving off a
Timothy Sackton: intense reddish light. Which is the glow that is leaking through the door.
Timothy Sackton: And now, Welby, you notice.
Timothy Sackton: that there are 2.
Timothy Sackton: What? Well, there's 4. What look like
Timothy Sackton: silver
Timothy Sackton: like twisted silver wire like really thick wire that's been twisted and twisted and twisted. So it's about a quarter inch diameter
Timothy Sackton: that run from the anvil into the floor. 2 of them are
Timothy Sackton: taught.
Timothy Sackton: and and almost seemed to be vibrating slightly like you can almost well be. Hear this faint hum!
Timothy Sackton: 2 of them
Timothy Sackton: are are broken.
Timothy Sackton: just hanging limp by the and ball, and just loose seem to be inert.
Timothy Sackton:  Kenzo, you feel a sense of
Timothy Sackton: rage almost as you step into this chamber like a storm like there's a
Timothy Sackton: angry tornado far away. That is getting closer the moment you enter. Where is the skeleton? Come? Is it on the fire? Skeleton is on the OP. Exact, opposite side of the room as you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 10 feet away.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, it's 60 feet away. Are they any other exits?
Timothy Sackton: There's no other exits from this room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, do I get a sense of the of the rate at which this tornado of June is coming
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like we'll be here in a minute or an hour.
Timothy Sackton: You might have. You might have 5 min. If you're lucky.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, let's quickly talk to the dead.
Mike Sackton: The spell doesn't take any time. It was an action to cast. So it's an action to cast. So no problem there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess that's that's me doing it.
Timothy Sackton: Yep. So you use the scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we're all going to get her across the room.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, steering light at the anvil.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is the what does the skeleton look like? Any any further details? It's just on the floor shackled.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, it's a skeleton. It's like been dead a super long time. There's no like clothes or anything left. The shackles are rusted
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker digs around in his pack until he finds the right scroll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Pulling out a couple of other ones and putting them back super fast. Super fast. Unrolls it. Okay, Kenza, II got this cool.
Eric Rosenbaum: Give me a second. Here reads the scroll.
Mike Sackton: While he's doing that. Inspect the body. Is it
Mike Sackton: human?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: make a Madison check.
Eric Rosenbaum: How many rooms doesn't have? And so forth.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Eric Rosenbaum: how do I mark this roll?
Eric Rosenbaum: Just delete it from your inventory? Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13, I,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 16, 13. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: where do you get Wellby and Delaware? 17.
Mike Sackton: II got nothing meaningful
Timothy Sackton: clearly. Been dead a long time.
Timothy Sackton: otherwise hard to say much about it right like there's
Timothy Sackton: like clothes have all rotted away. There are no flash left.
Timothy Sackton: Doesn't look like it's like animated recently and danced around. It looks like it's pretty much been in this position for a while. It's hands are bound or
Mike Sackton: manic like.
Timothy Sackton: So so now that you get closer, you can see that his hands are shackled.
Timothy Sackton:  but also it's feet were probably shackled, but the but the
Timothy Sackton: manacles on and the feet have completely rusted away, and all that's left is the discoloration on the bones.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Quick thing. With this we have 5 questions. Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Let's not ask yes or no questions. Let's ask questions that so that they can expound as opposed to like. What's your name like? Tell us who you are. Tell us about yourself, or you know, how did you die?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah. 30 s. And put questions in chat.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Beautiful? Okay. But the elementals coming. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, that's a good one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Maybe we start with A the first 3, and then and then C, and then see with last 2 we can wait, based on what they say for the last 2.
Timothy Sackton: So keep in mind that the answers it gives are
Timothy Sackton: somewhat brief.
Timothy Sackton: possibly cryptic.
Mike Sackton: It's not gonna talk for 5 min, right? So we might want to hone in on. I mean the advantage of more specific questions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That is easier to process the answer right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I mean, I'm not against. Tell us about yourself as a starting spot. Right? But the first 3, the first 3 look good, you know. Tell us about yourself. How did you die? What were you trying to accomplish here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or tell us the story, how you came to be here. Those the first 3 look good. Maybe the story of how you came to be there to start rather than about yourself. Let's start that one. Yeah, that's good, and then go from there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Let's do it.
UU Church of Boulder: Tell us how you came to be
Timothy Sackton: so, Sieger cast a spell.
Timothy Sackton: Who is
Timothy Sackton: saying a question, and what language
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably should be me and drank? Orian?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Tell us a story of how you came here, and to be here.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly the skeleton begins to like shift, and rise up and
Timothy Sackton: turn and like sit up and like struggles against its bonds as it turns and and looks at you, and looks
Timothy Sackton: across at the 4 of you.
Timothy Sackton: and turns.
Timothy Sackton: And, as you ask. Tell us the story of how you came to be here.
Timothy Sackton: Croaks. Oh, wait! Hold on, Crap! What was that?
Timothy Sackton:  Sorry I need 1 s here.
Timothy Sackton: mission for the fetus loop. Kara's
Timothy Sackton: read the trapped elemental
Timothy Sackton: from its bonds.
Mike Sackton: I'll
Timothy Sackton: died failed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should we ask why they needed this free developmental feels like an important thing to understand.
Mike Sackton: Or why did you have
Mike Sackton: what went wrong? How did you fail? That might be helpful when the thing comes in a few. But I like your question, too. You've got 4 left.
Mike Sackton: Maybe start with, how did you fail?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, what went wrong, or what went wrong. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: what went wrong?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or, yeah, how did you fail? What I like? What went wrong? II think that's better. What went wrong. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Did not expect Drusilla to be so strong
Eric Rosenbaum: is that a trap
Timothy Sackton: killed me as I was dissolving the acres
Mike Sackton: solvent on the the 2 that are broken.
Mike Sackton: Aren't there 4 things holding the 4.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: we can. We could. Is this.
UU Church of Boulder: is this one of the people who I'm not asking him? Is this one of the people who left who we saw. She's the woman who died.
Mike Sackton: She's almost certainly the woman who died. She's the small caster right. But hold on, hold on, I just II just wanna understand this
Mike Sackton: pause for a minute, because obviously deal with could see it. I'm just trying to picture it. There's 4 ropes running from the anvil to the walls.
Mike Sackton: to the floor, to the floor. Okay, but they're like anchor, 2 of them
Timothy Sackton: to anchor points in the floor. Yeah. 2 of them are snapped and hanging loose.
Mike Sackton: 2 of them are taught and vibrating with magical and okay. So the universal solvent will dissolve the other 2.
Mike Sackton: That's clearly why she had it.
Mike Sackton: Don't you think
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: she brought the universal solvent here to dissolve these and free the element? That was the other thing on the table that you got from the elf.
UU Church of Boulder: So I think the question is, why right?
Mike Sackton: Why is she trying to free the elemental? Sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, that's a good. One feels like we should know that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why are we trying to free the elemental
Timothy Sackton: called deludum? Only care about power.
Timothy Sackton: not the feelings of the creatures they trap
Mike Sackton: call to Luddam's the bad guys. That makes me a lot happier with her. So she's clearly a good guy. because the cult glutam was
Mike Sackton: okay, that has a little secret book, that
Eric Rosenbaum: that was that.
Mike Sackton:  They're like the drink oriented bad guys. They're the like pure. They're like the omnis Pura is who you're thinking? Okay. But called Alludem. Are the people who trap Praga.
Mike Sackton: Okay, yes, okay. But still bad guys. They trapped farther. No, they're drink. Chorion. No, no, they're drank chorians. Okay.
Mike Sackton: ludum, go ahead. Yes, ad domus, was ludum.
Eric Rosenbaum: They are clearly people who go around trapping innocent, magical beings and using them for their own purposes. Giants, elementals. Wow! Cool. Maybe they're doing it for good reasons.
Mike Sackton: doubtful.
Mike Sackton: maybe secret. Don't get any ideas about trapping magical creatures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, that's already what we did
UU Church of Boulder: imagine. If you
Mike Sackton: they're all bad guys in the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: 2 more questions left. If we finish freeing it, will it kill us, anyway.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I think it's I we should probably complete the mission right?
Mike Sackton: II think I think we should. But but she told us
Mike Sackton: a little bit of how she failed. But like, what's gonna happen if we put the universal solvent on the other things is a trap. Gonna go off like, what's the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we could ask her, how? How should we finish what you started?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. Yeah. Brilliant, brilliant, perfect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How should you finish what we started. Yeah, what? You start? Okay?
Timothy Sackton: The anchors
Timothy Sackton: are almost indestructible.
Mike Sackton: Should've told that we had the solvent.
Mike Sackton: We have this all right. I'll just shout it out.
Timothy Sackton: but if you can destroy them, be careful. for they were enchanted
Timothy Sackton: to summon elementals
Mike Sackton: that okay, good to know what are.
Timothy Sackton: And earth. I destroyed
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fire and air nothing like fire and air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: but if there's a storm bearing down on us, we want to move fast and get the elementals out of the way before the storm hits right. What's the storm? I don't know, Kenso, said Scary. And why wouldn't we trust him? Yeah, there's some kind of scary force coming like less than a minute away. Now it's getting closer. The fuck.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You've been talking to her for, like you know, 3, 4 min
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: last question, one question left.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we maybe ask about what the storm is that's coming? Or who's Drusilla? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, who is Priscilla?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fuck, yeah, wait. Oh, shit. Yeah. Cause that is probably Driscilla. And these 2 are elementals.
UU Church of Boulder: what if it's more? What if it's bigger than this? What if it's not just
UU Church of Boulder: this thing? But if these people were hunting down a cult of ludum, we could ask something about a cult of loom like, how do we
UU Church of Boulder: do? We have these journals, but they don't like make sense, or we can't read them. We don't know how to read them. Yeah, we decipher the invisible journals
UU Church of Boulder: to continue your work. Something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's an interesting question.
UU Church of Boulder: She may not know. That would give us another side for us. Too
Eric Rosenbaum: true.
Mike Sackton: Do we feel like we have enough information for right now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, we basically got to kill the kill an air and a fire, an air and a fire element, some terrible thing plus some terrible thing. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: yeah, what do you say?
UU Church of Boulder: I feel good about that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? So should we ask about the the bigger question.
Mike Sackton: okay?
Mike Sackton: Sure. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So we're gonna, ask, what are we? Gonna ask, how do we learn more. Okay.
Mike Sackton: What secrets do you know of?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or maybe, how do we decide for the journals to be a cultivator?
Mike Sackton: I don't. I?
Eric Rosenbaum: You pick Kenza, you're talking.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, how do we get this call to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. How do we decide for the journals of the Twelfth Legion?
Timothy Sackton: I do not know Alandria. The Alf
Timothy Sackton: sought to solve that mystery when I volunteered for this mission.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps he knows
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all. All of Delev's people got trapped in some plane somewhere. We could go free them and find the landreau
UU Church of Boulder: double side quest. It's not to do to the other sending. Go get the other sending stone and show it to the mirror and track them down that way.
Mike Sackton: We could all kinds of things, but but
Mike Sackton: remember, there was the whole thing about finding the else. I don't know if that was something was that just
Mike Sackton: they might know him. Maybe they could tell you something. That's the most ridiculous thing I've heard of my lifestyle. Yeah, we're not gonna do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But we have a name that's actually super useful, super useful, incredibly useful. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wait. What was her name? Again?
Mike Sackton: We don't know her name. No, we didn't.
Timothy Sackton: But Alf's name was Elena.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What were the initials on the stone again
Timothy Sackton: at how
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Phalandriol or
Mike Sackton: but it could be.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing she said was that she was on a mission for Lu Carrus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for for what?
Mike Sackton: Oh, secret societies, Edith Lu. Carrus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just making up.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that's basically right.
Mike Sackton: So okay, just brief pause before we set up for the battle.
Mike Sackton: So clearly.
Mike Sackton: the image
Mike Sackton: was
Mike Sackton:  to sell it right like.
Mike Sackton: presume here for a minute, that Kulta Ludum had taken over this place, or built this place
Mike Sackton: by trapping elementals to power their magic right. And so
Mike Sackton: the woman who was who we saw when we first came here, as the image was actually
Mike Sackton: the cell account. But yeah, was part of a cult of ludum which makes sense, because in the living quarters we found the occult aludum book right. And then this
Mike Sackton: Fidus Lucara's people came as part of some mission
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to try to free the trapped elementals. Right? I mean, we basically are feeders, the cars. By the way, you know, we're we're continuing and absolutely right.
Mike Sackton: And now we're continuing. And so that's the.
Mike Sackton: Now how do you use the forge to make magic? I don't know. I don't know if it doesn't
Mike Sackton: like. Do we have to free the elementals, to have it make magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think once we free, the elemental, the elemental will help us. I think so right. And if it's a farm elemental.
Mike Sackton: That's our way to get to Frank.
UU Church of Boulder: Good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. So the plan? Yeah. So fire and air.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What are the vulnerabilities for fire and air. Actually, Tim, I've thought fire elementals before, so I know what the vulnerable vulnerabilities are.
Timothy Sackton:  it's always opposite. Well, fire elementals are vulnerable to water and immune to fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: air elementals. How's that cold damage for fire? Are they vulnerable to cold damage?
Timothy Sackton: Smoothie
want to get
Timothy Sackton: fire? Elementals are
Timothy Sackton: not vulnerable to cold damage. They just if you
Timothy Sackton: they take cold damage if you douse them in water.
Timothy Sackton: But they obviously need to fire. Air. Elementals are.
Timothy Sackton: resist laundering
Timothy Sackton: thunder and lightning.
Mike Sackton: Great. Okay.
Mike Sackton: okay. so and we. But we have no idea what this creature that's coming.
Timothy Sackton: No idea.
Mike Sackton: So do we try and fight the creature and then free the elementals.
Mike Sackton: Probably right?
Mike Sackton: I mean, it could potentially some of them itself. But I don't think we universal solvent right now, do we in our
Eric Rosenbaum: 45 s before? Are there little hole where the solvent would have dripped onto the floor and burned defense mechanism?
UU Church of Boulder: What if that is the trap like? What if freeing the elementals gives us an advantage and fight against the other thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: We just don't know what's gonna happen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just gotta make a decision. You don't know what's gonna happen. Wait, wait, wait. We know that cutting the 2 things is gonna release a fire and an air elemental. So wait to do that and then fight the thing full. First fill full force. Driscolla. Go fight that while we have our fully jacked up and ready. Nobody should be ready with this all in an emergency.
Eric Rosenbaum: We brought it with us. Right? Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. I assume you brought everything. Yeah. Yeah. But you. But right like, if we because if we release the the fire and what then? We're gonna have to fight all 3 of them at the same time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And that's gonna suck a lot.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right? I go. We fight your solo first. We can even short rest, you know, chill out and then fill the elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Umhm.
yeah, I think we. I think we set up. Okay, so what's our best defenses?
Mike Sackton: What's your best plan of attacking? What's pretty seconds.
Mike Sackton: What's the what's the room?
Eric Rosenbaum: Did anything come up that tunnel? Never!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there another? Is there another way in ways into this room? Not another way, in or out of this room.
Mike Sackton:  I would suggest anybody who can hide hide.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: invisible. There's not anywhere to hide in this room behind the pillars or anything like that
Eric Rosenbaum: are the door is not real. The door is
Timothy Sackton: behind the forge. I don't know he's look at the this is this is chat. Dbt's best attempt to make an image of this battle map. But there's not
Mike Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: Maybe each one of these like stone
Timothy Sackton: pillars. You could maybe
Timothy Sackton: like you wouldn't really be able to get.
Eric Rosenbaum: You'd always be in line of sight of the center if something's coming from the center. Where's the door? Right?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, chat. I could not get Chat. Gbt to draw a door. Pretend that the stone pillar on the top.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, okay, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Why don't you make us invisible. Bye, bye.
Mike Sackton: I just am so nervous about using up all my spells, but maybe it's the best starting move.
Timothy Sackton: Anybody who's invisible can for sure attempt to hock in it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would like to be invisible, and I will be
Mike Sackton: invisible until I cast a spell. Is that correct?
UU Church of Boulder: I don't. I don't need invisibility. I'll just
UU Church of Boulder: well, either we all get it or none of us get it.
UU Church of Boulder: There's no middle ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: The thing is we're not gonna get a surprise round it knows somebody's here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's not do it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. and
Mike Sackton: spread out, spread out. So I think, spread out and just get re get. I would just spread out, and
Eric Rosenbaum: but I'm near the door.
Eric Rosenbaum: Prepare attack, prepare ready attacks, ready attacks, right like. Oh, man! Ready! What though?
Timothy Sackton: Well, you can't rent, I mean, you can't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You're throw initiative. Yeah, I don't mean like, yeah, crack like, like, Oh, I I blow the Brittany's whistle so I can fly. At least
Eric Rosenbaum: that's not a bad idea. Oh, my damn! So slots are messed up! Oh, tap my boots to speed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've only kept. I also fire resistance useful against Priscilla.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna get ready to soul site, too, with you just to learn whatever the fuck I can about Priscilla.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. II
Mike Sackton: I think, do we have tokens, Tim?
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh!
Timothy Sackton: no! I'll put your tokens out, Tim. My spells don't actually reset for a short rest right now, if they do not. But your spells don't reset on a short rest, so I
Eric Rosenbaum: can't clear them. Oh, God, okay.
Timothy Sackton: gotta do what you can do with. I mean is what you
Mike Sackton: is this
Mike Sackton: hot or anything like that? Nope, it's just light. It just gives off light the 2 silver.
Timothy Sackton: I tried to make it so you can see that I see. Yeah, be aware, this is, these are 2.5 foot squares instead of
Timothy Sackton: 5 foot square. So your everything is double or just use the I just couldn't get the. I didn't want to shrink the image down, Tiny. But the room is 60 feet across
Mike Sackton: okay, so
Mike Sackton: can you make us while okay
UU Church of Boulder: make you can make us all big.
UU Church of Boulder: Entrance to the room is at 120'clock.
Mike Sackton: Yup.
Timothy Sackton: where's
Timothy Sackton: okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I'll animate the ladder in advance. Can I do that? Is there still time
Timothy Sackton: that you can still do in the last 10 s?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I do not want to be standing right in the middle of them like that. Why am I so huge on that matter?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, these are just 5 foot squares. The squares are only 2 and a half feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 4 squares is a is a normal person size.
Mike Sackton: The room is twice as big. I mean, it's I am. Gonna stand right in the middle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, it's smart!
Eric Rosenbaum: Glad we scatter so suddenly erupting out of the floor.
Timothy Sackton: You see this enormous
Timothy Sackton: whirling mass of smoke and mist and fire that looks kind of like a flaming octopus.
Eric Rosenbaum: And as it bursts out, everybody role initiative, blaming octopus sent.
Timothy Sackton:  Come on, rule 20.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey, Jameson.
Timothy Sackton: I know. I just don't know why none of the tokens are. Here we go.
Timothy Sackton: Oof! This is annoying.
Timothy Sackton: I clear the turn order.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, let me try again.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you know what? Let me just get a piece of paper. Roll 20 is not working for me. For some reason.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry about use this time to figure out your combat strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Have 1 min go. Yeah, I'm trying to figure out so I can use my glove
Eric Rosenbaum: to make water is what you want to make of. Yeah, I have a sort of frostbite thing that's yeah, water and ice.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I can do that for any spell. Yours is still full of curiosity.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll disable it in some good ways, potentially.
Eric Rosenbaum: unless it can't be true. Kenza, where did you roll?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 1818? You said, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go last. I roll the 2 for initiative while 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Mike Sackton:  I would. I would just cast your biggest spell.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: right?
Mike Sackton: I mean? Yeah, damage what it? So it's tricky. We don't know really what it's good saves our bad saves are things like that right? Like I might.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to learn that. And I'm going to learn that. And and
Timothy Sackton: right away, yeah, I guess first.
Mike Sackton: right? So, okay, yeah, let us actually, if if it if you have a good save or suck spell which matches up to a week, save of it, I would go for that, otherwise it just try and do as much damage as you can.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, so probably erupting Earth, or
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what fifth or Sixth Level spells. Do you have
Eric Rosenbaum:  Do you any good.
Mike Sackton: It's also irresistible curiosity, psychic glance.
Eric Rosenbaum: psychic glance sounds promising. Can you make psychic glance do water damage? Yeah, I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I've never tried it before, but
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: water damage. Psychic glance sounds to me like a pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: That'll be 96, and then with the glove
Mike Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: But within 30, I mean.
Mike Sackton: But remember that sizing is all half.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're within 30 feet. You go within 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: The other thing
Mike Sackton: I mean irresistible dance is also not a crazy idea. Right? Like, if it's week
Timothy Sackton: ready set. Go, Kenza, you're up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. First thing I'm going to bonus action. And sole soul study.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, it is immune to
Timothy Sackton: lightning poison and thunder damage and fire damage
Timothy Sackton:  it is bad at int and strength.
Timothy Sackton: It is good at decks and charisma.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  You also
Timothy Sackton: pick up 2 2 things as it erupts for first, first, like you can
Timothy Sackton: it when your soul site, you can see like steering lines of these 2 reds
Timothy Sackton: like wrapped around its essence. And they're like it looks in your soul site like they are like
Timothy Sackton: steering and burning it.
Timothy Sackton: these 2 like wires that are still connected.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: interesting. So they're helping to bind it.
Timothy Sackton: And it is
Timothy Sackton: like just
Eric Rosenbaum: incoherent with range. It might not be the bad guy guys. Maybe we should ask this might. This might be the elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it is. I think it is awesome highlighted.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I mean, it's about to try and kill us right? So we can't just ignore that.
Mike Sackton: I expect so. But maybe we try and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: universal solvent the things and see what happens. I assume you do. Well, you got it around your neck or you've got it. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: while B is the general purpose
Timothy Sackton: carrier stopping?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. So I might be able to trap it in a stone box.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it's on top of the
Mike Sackton: forge. Sorry it's on top of the anvil right now, which is where the it's currently on top of the anvil. So it's yeah. Does your soul site tell us? Ask a question. Sorry.
Mike Sackton: Would Kenza soul site. Tell us if a creature was immune to charm?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: it is not, and yes, it would. It's not immune to charm, it's immune to grapple, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, prone, and restrained.
Mike Sackton:  I could mental prison it.
Mike Sackton: I think that might be a good call.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I love that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to spend the rest of my, I don't want to attack it. Then why are we going to try attack the elemental we're trying to save?
Eric Rosenbaum: We would try to.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't calm it down somehow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do a calling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally, Tim. I'm going to sit right where I am, and I'm going to start to. Soothe it. I'm going to try to, you know, just like I did a frog are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna start to commune with its essence and try to calm me down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, make a
Timothy Sackton: wisdom check.
Mike Sackton: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well.
Timothy Sackton: you sit and you begin.
Timothy Sackton: You like, reach out with your perception and begin to try and see that
Timothy Sackton: and you feel
Timothy Sackton:  let me just do this here
Timothy Sackton: and Tim, I also you know again, because I've actually, you know, fought and been friends with fire elementals, I like, you know, ground myself in that, or an energy to kind of yeah, this is not more than just a fire elemental. There's like elements of multiple kinds of elements.
Timothy Sackton: I know, I know about the fire. Yeah, yeah, trying to comment. Like, there is this
Timothy Sackton: snap. And you touch
Timothy Sackton: with your mind one of these threads, and you take 7 points of psychic damage
Timothy Sackton: as you're forcefully rejected from its
Timothy Sackton: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So essence, it's it's a slight. It's a slight of nuance, but it's not my I'm you. I'm reaching out with my consciousness. It's kind of my psychic damage. That's why it's psychic damage because it's striking your consciousness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay? Alright, Beth.
Timothy Sackton:  and then
Timothy Sackton:  It begins to fling its arms around one
Timothy Sackton: one of these like swirling tentacles, reaches out and strikes dealt with.
Mike Sackton: that is a 18 misses
Timothy Sackton: and then a bolt of lightning blasts out from it towards seeker. make a dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: it's bad
Timothy Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: the lightning bolt strikes Seeker full on
Eric Rosenbaum: and you take 31 points of lightning damage as your phone
Timothy Sackton: shock and under the boom as concussive wave of shock erupts from the elemental as it emerges from
Timothy Sackton: the floor. And I need everybody to make a constitution saving throw.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's elemental
Eric Rosenbaum: this week.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This one, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Constitution saving throw
Timothy Sackton: yup
Timothy Sackton:  dawit. You take 22 points of thunder damage and are pushed
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet back.
Timothy Sackton: So 1, 2, 3, 4 squares.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe, you take nothing. Seeker. You take 22 points of thunder damage and are slammed back into the wall.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not doing great. And, Kenza, what did you roll?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Not? Well, I rolled a 5.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you also take 22 points of thunder damage and are slammed back into the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How's it against the wall? It's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, okay, that ends its turn. Speaker. You're off.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God. So it's weaknesses were strength and
Timothy Sackton: strengthen. Int
Eric Rosenbaum: int.
Mike Sackton: Something will dance. Might be
Eric Rosenbaum: wisdom, save though. Oh, that's wisdom. Psychic glances in
Mike Sackton: right? It's just that's gonna
Mike Sackton: the thing just shot me. I'm gonna shoot it. Yeah, fair enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I'm going to use the glove with 2 charges to transform this into a frostbite. Take a glance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton:  this is not a fire align elemental. So it's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's like elemental, like smoke. And
Timothy Sackton: the the thing that that
Timothy Sackton: Kenza has spot before. That's takes extra damage from water is like a true fire element. Right? That's like, oh, so this this it would not necessarily work with this, you might want to save that trick for
Mike Sackton: an actual fire. Elemental shows up. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. So I'm just casting. Take a glance. Yeah. So that's an int, save
Timothy Sackton: that's a 9,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I'll cast it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay? So
Timothy Sackton: it takes 30 points of psychic damage. And it is
Timothy Sackton: something else happens and it fails the same right.
Eric Rosenbaum:  I've just turned like a have to manually check off the
Eric Rosenbaum: spell slots each time. For some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's incapacitated, incapacitated thanks.
Timothy Sackton: So as seeker turns and looks at it, and this, like. you know, Rune shoots out from your hand. It strikes this creature, and it
Timothy Sackton: daggers back and looks dazed around at all of, you know.
Timothy Sackton: briefly stunned
Timothy Sackton: ladder. What's latter doing? Just I think it doesn't have too many options. It can force slam right. So we'll do that. So it moves forward and it forced slams.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I do my spell thing
Eric Rosenbaum: that's not 16
Eric Rosenbaum: a 16 misses letter.
Timothy Sackton: and seekers turn well beyond Delaware.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, Weldy is going to run over to one of these wires and dissolve it.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so this takes your action.
Timothy Sackton: Take it out, drip it on. Let's see, this is as you get close, you can feel.
Timothy Sackton: Keep vibrating off of this.
Timothy Sackton: This is clearly the the fire one, and as it dissolves
Timothy Sackton: these black triangles.
Timothy Sackton: diamonds around. This signifies these are minions. So minion rules apply.
Mike Sackton: Is, is is there a non minion one? Or is it just minions
Mike Sackton: anything that has the black? No, no, I get. I'm just I'm trying to think ahead to what I'm gonna do. So I'm there are non minion gonna show up. There is a non minion one. Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: awesome. I'm going to cunning action, disengage and use the rest of my move to get the hell out of there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: over there
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I see the one fire elements on that.
Timothy Sackton: That's the one non-minion one.
UU Church of Boulder: Actually, that was the wrong direction to go this way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, miss. Okay, only we had fucking killed the elementals. First.
Mike Sackton: I know. But it's okay. really, quick, guys, okay, this thing is incapacitated till it's gonna the big nasty is gonna miss its turn.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's good. So I am going to focus on elemental
Mike Sackton:  okay,
Mike Sackton: So it's your turn down way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe. Don't worry about the minions. Focus on the
Mike Sackton: right? So do I cast banish.
Mike Sackton: Do I just fight it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fire, almato.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can mop up the menus really easily.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
I'll let you take the minions. I will. I will
Mike Sackton: use bonus action to.
Mike Sackton: I'll use bonus action to make the fire elemental. My marked enemy.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: and then I will
Mike Sackton: just step.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to cast hold on one sorry 1 s. Sorry I was trying to get this.
Timothy Sackton: so it actually appears in mainly with you. I'm not concentrating on anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, banish isn't a horrible idea, because if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you vanish it mop these guys up next round the secret of a way to incapacitate it again. You do the same thing you just did.
Mike Sackton: Maybe I could try. Yeah, yeah, I mean, I can. Mental prison. Something.
Mike Sackton: Mental prison is also a very high in save incapacitating type spell. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: want to save that against ibad, the big guy, II wasn't gonna cast it this turn right? Yeah, maybe save that
Mike Sackton: I mean, I could do 2 targets with banish.
Mike Sackton: It's an 18, save I.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You do too hard targets with banish. Let's let the air the other arrow mantle out next round and then try to banish. And people on your feet. Yeah, okay, I'm just gonna I'm just gonna fight this guy. Yeah, just fight it right? I'm gonna save my spells. I'm just gonna swing at it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as yeah. Come on the one.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you get another attack. Jesus Christ, that's very bad luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled 3 ones in a row. That's wow!
Timothy Sackton: That's that's bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Eileen.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probabilistic computer check the random number. Inspiration.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, not useful, not useful inspiration can't turn a critical wind into a hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, one is an automatic failure.
Timothy Sackton:  so depressing the kids out
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright, I will.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: where it says I will pop over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I will hop over
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like I guess I can. Only can I?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there a spot where I can engage all of them.
Timothy Sackton: There's not a spot where you can
Timothy Sackton: gauge, but that's only 15 feet of movement. So if you just keep moving once you kill them keep moving in the middle of your attacks. Alright, then I'll start here. Remind me minion rules if you do enough damage to kill one that if you, if they take any damage, they automatically die. If you do more damage than their hit points. The access day damage carries over to the next.
Timothy Sackton: you can kill more than one with one attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright. Great so I will. yeah, I will start attacking these guys. So I will do. first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Fifteenth
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Call damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that is.
Timothy Sackton: first, this is with your staff. First, like with your staff hits.
Timothy Sackton: I guess this one here. not enough to carry over to another one, but you just smash it, and there's your staff passes through of it through it. The fire
Timothy Sackton: just dissipates with your strike. Second attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's not a damn. These are low roles. 13
Timothy Sackton: 13 misses
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually inspiration. You can reaction inspiration. Right? Eric. Yeah, you should inspiration him.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a good idea. Nice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dr. Roll. What?
Eric Rosenbaum: 10 Wendy 10 million.
Timothy Sackton: Wendy 10,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice 17 that hits 17 hits Yup.
Timothy Sackton: So you add the 4 onto the damage. You do.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. Unarmed strike. Oh, shit sorry whoops I rolled. I didn't mean to roll that roll damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. So 809 plus 4, 13.
Timothy Sackton: So 13 damage. You strike this one and it vanishes, and then
Timothy Sackton: Seeker's rune shoots along and hits the second one doing extra thunder damage
Timothy Sackton: and killing that one as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: I can roll in. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I'm gonna pop over here. And then I've got
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 2 more attacks. So now I'm gonna unarmed. Strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18. That hits that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright and not the 11 damage
Timothy Sackton: that one's gone
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: beautiful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I guess I'll step into my way with the fire element off to. and I will take out the last minion. That's not gonna make an app.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what I'm doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  I guess doesn't matter where I stand.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Better be a step away.
Timothy Sackton: I don't think it matters. I don't think it matters too much, but wherever you choose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I'll take my final attacks. Then a key. Nice 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I bet it's
Timothy Sackton: yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But with your last punch
Timothy Sackton: last minion is.
Timothy Sackton: thanks, Kenzel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alright
Eric Rosenbaum: strong.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Those guys out fighting
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that brings us to the
Timothy Sackton: creature in the center who's incapacitated. His turn ends. Amazing seeker you're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that means now he's awake, right? So we need to interact. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's do that again.
Eric Rosenbaum:  so you think I should take a glance him a second time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, right? I mean, then keeping him incapacitate. It's quite useful. Yeah, because he does like so much damage, I think, incapacitating him again. Then, while the release the air elemental, and then you banish them both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. And then we see what happens. And if he's still like the bitch, or if he's like, Oh, thank you, guys for yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. Well, I'll have one more chance to give this like a glance. I think it's worth it. I mean, you don't have to cast it at Sixth Level.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, it's at fourth.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that's the minimum.
Eric Rosenbaum: So are you out of sixth and fifth as well. No, I have 2 more chances. I have a sixth. I could have it. One sixth. Okay, so it's another in in, save.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, 11
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice, awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: 26 damage. That's time.
Timothy Sackton: There we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: And again seekers. Lance seizures, rune, shoots out, stunning this creature in the middle of the
Timothy Sackton: of the flames.
Eric Rosenbaum: and then just try to poke it in the eye
Eric Rosenbaum:  11. That's gonna miss.
Eric Rosenbaum: The latter's in effect.
Eric Rosenbaum: in the fight, but it missed
Timothy Sackton:  fire. Actually. So now it's the fire elementals term
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: attack the ladder. It
Mike Sackton: can attack Delaware.
Timothy Sackton: so it is going to reach out
Timothy Sackton:  and touch the ladder.
Mike Sackton: Our ladder burns to death.
Timothy Sackton: That's a 17.
Timothy Sackton: I assume. That hits. I don't know what the ladder Lacy is.
Eric Rosenbaum: The ladder catches on fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: No ladder flatter.
Mike Sackton: It was nice knowing you at her
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of fire damage and is now burning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, that sounds bad.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's a lot of hit points, though
Mike Sackton: even the latter burning is now gonna reach out and try and set dealt with on fire. Is that a mei attack?
Timothy Sackton: That is a melee attack.
Mike Sackton: That's a it misses
Timothy Sackton: 16 plus.
Mike Sackton: It misses my shield of frost
Mike Sackton: right. The frost of my shield just flies up and blocks it.
Timothy Sackton: though it misses that ends the fire element has turned well the year up
UU Church of Boulder: alright. Actually hold on! Hold on! Well, it doesn't really matter, but it was it. I only actually have to use that. If it would have hit me
Timothy Sackton: it would have hit while a 16 plus 6. Yeah, that would have it was a like 11 to the ladder is all right. 11 to the ladder, and it is burning right now.
UU Church of Boulder: All right. Well, the hustles over to the last remaining
UU Church of Boulder: wire and horizont, the universal solvent
Eric Rosenbaum: so good.
UU Church of Boulder: that's all.
Timothy Sackton: As the air around you erupts
Timothy Sackton: with hissing. lying spirits?
Timothy Sackton: Can I just copy?
Mike Sackton: And one
Timothy Sackton: larger elemental?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Man.
UU Church of Boulder: reaction to disengage and
UU Church of Boulder: move the rest of the way out of there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, now
Timothy Sackton: that ends Welby's turn. let me roll for the
Eric Rosenbaum: there arrow.
Timothy Sackton: The Air elementals are an initiative deal with us is up.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast and banish.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gosh!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a charisma, save, you see, 18 charisma, save on both the big elementals.
Timothy Sackton:  that is a way. Hold on. Where is Errol? Michael
Mike Sackton: oops. That is a
Timothy Sackton: Oh, hey! He's got a minus 2. The fire elemental
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: rolled an 18, but with minus 2. That's a 16.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Mike Sackton: vanishing elementals is nice work, the air elemental.
Timothy Sackton: Roll the 9. So they are both gone.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes, oh, Ben is a good spell. Now I'm gonna go hide in the corner so nobody can hit me and make me fail. My Christmas, Dave.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I still have my full move.
Mike Sackton:  they're not dead, so I don't get back anything that would happen if they die right? Yeah.
Mike Sackton: And I'm going to move.
Mike Sackton: Can't cast anything. Yeah, I'll just. I'll just kind of move.  just I wait. I can bonus action, dot. Oh, no, I can't. Bonus action dodge, but I can use my ring.
Mike Sackton: Are you still attuned to that? I don't think I'm just wondering if I just wondering if I still attuned to that. I'm checking
Mike Sackton: cause you're tuned to the rod of the pack keeper. Oh, I switched it for the rod of the pack keeper. You're right. I'm not attuned to it.
Mike Sackton: I didn't realize I could regain a warlock spell slot as an action.
Mike Sackton: and that's awesome. I should use that. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: The air elementals fly towards seeker and well-being.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna cast bonus action, sanctuary.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, I can't. Never mind. Never mind you already cast the spell. That one. Yes, to hit
Timothy Sackton:  seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I assume 21 hits name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My A/C is 13. Yes, that was what I was asking. I just need to double check.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, secret is really easy to hit.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker. That's scary
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm I'm cool. I just let me give some magic like fucking arm or some shit fuck
Mike Sackton: in some serious trouble. Can we not have secret dye? I'm not sure how to achieve this.
Timothy Sackton: These are elemental. Swarm around, seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: hit him.
Timothy Sackton: and do 6 times 5, 30 points of damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you okay? I have 3 now.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 points.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3 at once
Eric Rosenbaum: and and then seekers.
David.
Timothy Sackton: Nope, they aren't gonna bother moving him.
Timothy Sackton: And then they're also gonna attack.
Eric Rosenbaum:  is that the warcaster thing
Eric Rosenbaum: cause that could be.
Timothy Sackton: But that's if they, if they move out of your reach, you can use some tax opportunity
Eric Rosenbaum: only the opportunity.
Timothy Sackton: Well, B, you are also hit.
Timothy Sackton:  and you take also 30 points of damage.
UU Church of Boulder: So how does 2 things? How does uncanny dodge work with minions? And how does furniture? What does it?
Timothy Sackton: How does what
UU Church of Boulder: the skirmisher, using my reaction to move away?
Timothy Sackton:  Both both of them work fine.
Timothy Sackton: uncanny dodge, the the whole minion. All 5 minions count as making one attack. so you could reduce the 30 damage to 15.
UU Church of Boulder: I think they're both reactions. So I'll just do the candy dudge and stay where I am. Yeah. The other is also a reaction.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that ends the air elementals. Turn Kenzo. You're up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I just just like what's going on with the what's going on with the the main view. It is still
Timothy Sackton: enraged, but the blaming
Timothy Sackton: bonds are gone. so an attempt to combat could theoretically succeed. Now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: boy, this is challenging. The seeker's about to die. But then, again, there's this giant huge. What's the mental prison thing.
Mike Sackton: I mean, mental prison
Mike Sackton: would entrap the giant thing.
Timothy Sackton: But it's concentration, isn't it?
Mike Sackton: Mental prison is concentration. Oh, I can't cast mental prison anymore, because banish would go away cause the elementals would come back if the elementals would come back. Mental prison is also concentration. Yes, I can. I can get over to seeker. I can help Speaker.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna have to figure out exactly how. But I have some options out the door and close it. I'll be fine.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, push him out the door, Major, or something. I can't push him out the door, but I can cast sanctuary. That's probably the best I can do.
Mike Sackton: That's I don't know what that does, but that sounds like a really good thing. Wisdom savor. They can't attack attack you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, I'm going to spend my action, both my attacks and my bonus actions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: basically, we do kind of an augmented soul site. Slash you know, super focus on its on its or kind of calm calm down.
Timothy Sackton: Okay,
Timothy Sackton: I'm gonna I'm gonna say, this is basically a modified use of your cleanse aura ability. So it costs 2 key
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sounds great.
Timothy Sackton: but make a make, a wisdom. Check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18.
Timothy Sackton: You reach into its mind, and you you sort of attempt to project this
Timothy Sackton: feeling of relaxation, of safety, of calm.
Timothy Sackton: and you feel it struggling against you. But it turns and it focuses on. You can feel it focusing on you
Timothy Sackton:  and beginning to let go of its rage, and it locks
Timothy Sackton: into you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Mike Sackton: And it's in a sort of it's like concentrating on you. You're not quite sure what it's gonna do.
Timothy Sackton: but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like all its tentacles, are pointing at Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is Nasaka in the Valley of the wind. The climax at the very end, with the home. That's what this is. Oh, my God, yeah.
Mike Sackton: So, seeker.
Mike Sackton: I assume it's my turn. No, it's secrets. Turn. Oh, it's secrets! Turn!
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! Didn't seek you go first
Timothy Sackton: we had
Timothy Sackton: done with banish, then the aer elementals, then Kenzo Barkle, the big monster loses its turn because
Timothy Sackton: it's still in common. We're back at the top. Banish, was my action. Never mind. Vanish. Was your action now? It's and then, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sorry. Sorry. Sorry I lost track.
Eric Rosenbaum: so can I
Eric Rosenbaum: get out the door without an opportunity attack triggering help you? Do you have Dimension door? I do.
Mike Sackton: Yes. Then you're asked to mention or
UU Church of Boulder: wait, can you? Why can't you disengage as your action, or you can disengage as your action?
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I then open the door? Yeah, yeah, disengage would be your action. And then moving would be your
Eric Rosenbaum: would be your move. Does that include closing the door?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you can interact. Okay? So disengage
Eric Rosenbaum: exit and close the door.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think. Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: But then I'll be out of the room.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we're calming it down. I think we're in a good place.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't want to be out of the fight, but I guess I kind of do. Okay, that's what I'm doing.
Timothy Sackton: As you shut the door.
Timothy Sackton: the ladder falls to the ground.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's that's fine.
Mike Sackton: That's fine.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't worry, seeker. I call after you. I'll take care of these 10 Era elementals. I'm gonna come, help you. Don't worry.
UU Church of Boulder: study aim, draw my source short and basically spin around.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: cut up as many of them as I possibly can.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you all
UU Church of Boulder: 27 is the better of the 2
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
UU Church of Boulder: and 27 damage altogether.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see how many that kills. I need a calculator.
and
that kills 2 of them as you spin around.
Timothy Sackton: slice through one slice through the second.
Timothy Sackton: and they fall as the rest of them. They're like small. They're little. They're buzzing around you.
Timothy Sackton:  that brings up deal with.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I don't probably need to sanctuary
Mike Sackton: seeker anymore.
Mike Sackton: I mean. how are you doing over there? Welby?
UU Church of Boulder: Do you want some help?
UU Church of Boulder: I mean, I could definitely use some help. I'm I mean, I'm I'm doing okay. I think I'm gonna be all right.
UU Church of Boulder: I have to step away for just a minute when they attack me. I'm gonna damage. But
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna miss the step to right there.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this is is this a bad idea? With my walk? One of them's gonna hit me. I'm gonna fail. My concentration save and the elementals are gonna come back. That's that's the worst possible outcome. If the elementals coming back do not do not happen. Yeah, that's that's really bad.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can't. We're in such a great spot right now. Opinions. The guys is like, kind of locked in with me like potentially being calm. I won't do that. I won't. I will cast
Mike Sackton: I will cast. I'll just blast
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice day far out of range.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna be chicken, but it's totally the right. You're not being chicken. You're you're preventing chicken smart, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The old Us. Would have endangered yourself to lose the concentration, and the fucking elementals would come back like right on the cusp of victory. I rolled a 2
Timothy Sackton: that misses
Mike Sackton: that. I'll hit
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
Mike Sackton: but I don't do enough damage to overkill any of them. You you kill one
Mike Sackton: as a 14
Timothy Sackton: 14 hits.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'll kill 2.
Timothy Sackton: So 2 die as these 2 blasts of force shoot out from Dawit's hand.
Timothy Sackton: and then the remaining close in on Wellby.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But I thought only one got pulled off the board, Tim.
Mike Sackton: What now? 2 temple, 2 off.
Mike Sackton: I will bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not? I'm gonna cast sanctuary and well, be there you go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice. What save is that
Mike Sackton: wisdom? 17
Mike Sackton: does not require concentration.
Timothy Sackton: 17.
Timothy Sackton: So they just succeed on that.
Mike Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: that is what is Wellbe's A/C. That's only a 15 to hat.
Timothy Sackton: I better. I have to appreciate
Mike Sackton: 18. His A/C. Is 18
Timothy Sackton: that ends the arrow. Menthol's turn. Kenzo, you're up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. I did it again. Bill still focused on him. I spent all of my. I spent 2 more key, all my tax bonus actions, and I try and calm him down. Okay, you've made it easier. You need to be to 10 to calm him down
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright just a wisdom. Check wisdom. Check Yup, just plus 3 or whatever
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22
Eric Rosenbaum: nice, easy Kenza reaches into his mind.
Timothy Sackton: So another 2 key.
Timothy Sackton: and you feel you the element. You feel this this like it, begins to sink
Timothy Sackton: almost into the flora, but into the anvil.
Timothy Sackton: It takes this tentacles away from you, and it sort of drops them into the floor. And it's
Timothy Sackton: you can now see, instead of this, like smoke and fire, like its eyes, begin to solidify into crystals.
Timothy Sackton: and you see steam beginning to come off around as it begins to sink slightly into the floor.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is still hiding.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm trying to listen through the door attack for well, be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah. But but, seeker, why don't you heal yourself? You got some potions
Eric Rosenbaum:  portions. Maybe I'll figure that out.
Mike Sackton: And what's his damage?
Mike Sackton: How many, how many sneak attacks? 66, 76, 60,
Mike Sackton: 25 for sneak?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's like 6,
Timothy Sackton: 76, total.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right? Like it was, kinda, you know.
Mike Sackton: Okay, 30, 29. He must have a plus. He has a plus 5. So 34 damage right? Like we're.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, do we have to?
Timothy Sackton: At this point they're weakened enough that they're not a serious as they as they're get to be fewer deal with picks off another 2 or 3. I literally cannot roll higher than a. This is ridiculous. 13 hits 22 heads deal with picks off another 2,
Timothy Sackton: and with only 2 min left.
Timothy Sackton:  They're not a serious threat to to wellbe anymore.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: with the art with the monster in the middle calmed.
Timothy Sackton: Robbie is able to kill the last 2 minions before they can do any additional damage to him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
Timothy Sackton: as you relax
Timothy Sackton: and take your breath, and another 30 s passes. The elemental is not being native to this plane
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: are permanently banished.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dude, Eric, can you? Is there? Can you do a mid journey of a of a Kenzo in the elemental.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so call me the elemental.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do you want Kenzo to look? He's a human.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the one in the the one with the skeleton was awesome. That was cool. I just wrote Chinese American.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's fine. There's no meaning of Asian and telega. Right? But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, it's a badass. I love the little kid with the stone. That's perfect. Yeah, they're both quite good.
Timothy Sackton: That's that's pretty good. It's actually amazingly how similar. Wait! Did you use my image as an input.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, for the last one! No, it's amazing how similar those 2 are.
Mike Sackton: Are you doing this? Is this the
Mike Sackton: Dolly, or the mid journey mid journey. You're doing mid journey.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, these are Dolly. Those are. Those are Dolly. But I'm amazed at how similar
Timothy Sackton: the recreation of this room is in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: my image and in Eric's image. Well, you know, it's all just based on, recycled from the same artist, Tim. I was actually pretty impressed at how well. So I made this image first, and then I said, Make me a battle map of this of that image, and it actually was pretty good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You need so much more visually awesome. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's pretty fun.
Timothy Sackton: So as things calm down.
Timothy Sackton: let me change the music.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This was awesome, this whole, this whole adventure's been the button shit. Yeah, this was good. And there's been an amazing adventure like everything about it since. Yeah, I'm glad I assume that was the climax, though. Cause? Oh, yeah, yeah, II do. Kinda wanna try and go to bed and 50. Yeah, now, you just need to figure out what magic items you wanna make so a a as as now. The the elemental has calm. Pens is still gonna continue to sit and commune with it and and try to try to as it relaxes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo tries to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: continue to share
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his own aura again, you know, projecting calm and relaxation. So he, so that the elemental has a sense of Kenzo energy, but then also is try is inviting it to share more about itself, so that Kenzo can kinda get these like this is a very alien, mind you just get these like scattered flashes.
Timothy Sackton: The first thing you get is just the sense of how long it's been trapped here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: Like the
Timothy Sackton: bobby killed all the minions. Mike. One for you. He rolled well for you, even though he rolled badly for gala
Mike Sackton: banish was really, I mean, honestly. But yeah. And then I roll the 22 and and successfully calm the element successfully calm, the elemental. So now you do you want to be able to?
Mike Sackton: I mean with tongues, can you? Is it sentient?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I'm right now. I'm sort of I was just interacting with the elemental to try to. I was inviting it to share about itself. To me. It's not communicating with you in language. It's communicating with you in like
Timothy Sackton: flashes of images and like, feel both.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's perfect. Yeah. What? What do I? What am I getting.
Timothy Sackton: And you're getting this like weight of how long it's been here. And the so the rumor of this place, the edge of echoes is that it is like a weak spot between the
Timothy Sackton: planes
Timothy Sackton: where the plane, the elemental planes are strong.
Timothy Sackton: But the image you get from this creature is actually
Timothy Sackton: no, it's that it has been bound here
Timothy Sackton: sure
Timothy Sackton: centuries
Timothy Sackton: leaves this place will go back
Timothy Sackton: it will, the elementals will disperse.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So right now do I sense? Is it bound to the anvil, or is it? No, no, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: we freed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, free. And and it's just. But but you said that it kind of sank into the anvil, and and its eyes like, sort of in yeah, like into the stone, a little bit like into the floor.
Timothy Sackton: And it started to solidify a little bit, but it's not particularly.
Timothy Sackton: It's been bound to the anvil for a long time, and it's just
you feel like it's just beginning to sort of
Timothy Sackton: stretch it
Timothy Sackton: perception out and see what's beyond this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place. It's been bound to. Amazing amazing. Oh, fuck.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: alright. So yeah. Also, Tim. You know, like, I've got some frog art key. So I can like talk to frog art randomly in in a pitch.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: definitely definitely doing some some. What what is it? It's not an it's not like a fire elemental. It's like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is it is like an elemental.
it conglomerate. It's really mostly a like a fire and a
Timothy Sackton: air elemental combined.
Timothy Sackton:  but it also has.
Timothy Sackton: It has connections to all 4 elements.
Mike Sackton: Can you use your like Vishma power to try it out. It's story.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: although that. Yeah, this is. This kind of is what I'm doing is trying to understand. It's it's so. You get, you get these images you get. You get the flash of this
Timothy Sackton:  just like this long
Timothy Sackton: being bound, and and the
as you begin to sort of commune with it, and and
Timothy Sackton: try to sort of piece together these images back in its memory.
Timothy Sackton:  you, you catch these these glimpses of
Timothy Sackton: lying, of freedom, of
Timothy Sackton: dancing on the air. You sort of get this feeling that it was once
Timothy Sackton: long ago lived on the plane of air.
Timothy Sackton: and all these other elemental essences sort of
created on top of it
Timothy Sackton: in the centuries, in the thousands of years that it was bound here.
Eric Rosenbaum: not fastens, I guess a little more
Timothy Sackton: as it's been
Timothy Sackton: used again and again to
Timothy Sackton: power this forge. make magic items. flax of the magical essence that has
Timothy Sackton:  that that
Timothy Sackton: all of the things that were used to create magic items have also left their mark on 8 innings
Timothy Sackton: sort of accumulated this
Timothy Sackton: elemental
residue.
Timothy Sackton: And now
Timothy Sackton: it's you, you see, as it's sort of dwelling in this memory. Shake a little bit, and and
Timothy Sackton: some of the fire some you can see, like some of the smoke and some of the fire sort of spray off it slightly, and it sort of tries to shake again and struggles.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, I continue to to soothe it. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, just focus focus on that for for now, to the group. Is there any like I? You know I feel a little bad where I want it to make it. Some make us some magical items, but I mean, presumably it's it's it's up for that. I mean,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there anything I mean? Do we wanna ask it about Frank Carr? Is that, or probably not. Could doesn't that not even know anything about Frank Car.
Mike Sackton: It's air right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: actually, an air elemental or
Mike Sackton: much more powerful than just
Mike Sackton: the source of elementals that appear that are summarized right? But like, what's the equivalent of it? A free
Mike Sackton: with a okay? So it's like a gen.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: But it looks like an octopus
Timothy Sackton: at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: but as you watch as Kenza's commuting with it, these. like its tentacles, are kind of
Timothy Sackton: cracking off and
Timothy Sackton: blowing away, as this poke begins to disperse all the like accreted elemental bits from the other planes are vanishing
Eric Rosenbaum: slowly, slowly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, seekers! Gonna bravely, because head back in the dark
Eric Rosenbaum: was there like some kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: glowing, fiery rune ring around the handle. What's going on? Not runes. It's just colors in the stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Timothy Sackton: and it's not just fire. It's there's like blues and greens and browns as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somehow connected to this creature, because
Timothy Sackton: colors are sort of pulsing
Timothy Sackton: as it's like concentrating on Kenzo. It's sort of rocking slightly, and the colors are pulsing as it moves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do we want to let Frank are not Frank? Are
Timothy Sackton: Aldrich
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: out of the room
or let them know it's safe.
Mike Sackton: We can. We can go. I mean, you stay here. Oh, I'm staying here. Yeah, Kenza's Kenza's Kenza. We can go, I mean. And I,
Mike Sackton: if it's willing.
Mike Sackton: Obviously, if we could use the forge a few times as it goes
Mike Sackton: right. you know.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, I'll go. I'll go do the
Mike Sackton: ghostly I thing. I'll give him a little bit of a hard time. I'll get the number wrong for that one. Kidding
Timothy Sackton: existence duet duet, duet. Oh, sorry! Go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Frank, are as he or not, Frank, our fault, Rick, as he lets you in.
Timothy Sackton: Have few ideas. Are you ready?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well. you might need to meet our new friend here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim, before before we do any magic iteming. I mean again. II am not going to try to ask it to like, do the enslaved thing. Everybody else has been enslaving it to do so. I really wait to more. See more if it's like an offering if it's like Oh, like, I'm willing to do it as opposed. I don't want to at this point be like, Hey, you're free. But before you go. Thing that like you know.
Timothy Sackton: you you
Timothy Sackton: so here's here's the sense you get
Timothy Sackton: like, I mean, this is a this is like a very alien mind, right? This is not, you know, something that you're
Timothy Sackton: as you're sort of communing with it. It's a struggle, right? It's not. It's not like with Haragar or some of the other people.
Timothy Sackton: but as you, as you continue like, you can feel it trying to like.
Timothy Sackton: shake these
you
Timothy Sackton: almost like almost like, you know, break off these alien bits of itself, and it just kind of
Timothy Sackton: it almost feels like it's just kind of shoving them into the anvil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And like, maybe there's a little bit of energy that stored up as it pushes these things out that you could use. And you don't. You don't get the sense.
Timothy Sackton: You don't get the sense that it had any problem with
Timothy Sackton: being bound in one place
Timothy Sackton: was the thing it didn't want like making items, whatever right?
Timothy Sackton: It almost powers the anvil without thinking about that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it got it? Wasn't the the feeling you get from commuting with it. Wasn't that none of the like bad images that flash in your mind are about making magic items.
Timothy Sackton: It's all these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah yeah. Wires burning into it. Yeah, alright perfect. So I I'm gonna get closer to it and continue to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: help it in its process of shedding this, which again, presumably it's shedding this energy. It's going into the forge?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: As I get closer, you know again. Is it still? Is it? Is there any corporeal form to it, or is it just kinda
Timothy Sackton: there, there is you now. Yes, you you are beginning to see now, as it's calmed down, that there is a it's not exactly a human form.
Timothy Sackton:  it is! It is! It is almost like
Timothy Sackton: Like a whirlwind, with
Timothy Sackton: not with sort of arms and legs, but with the face of the
Timothy Sackton: of the octopus creature was is like a face, and it has it just has swirling. There's like swirling wind in the center of this can sort of form
Timothy Sackton: appendages from this wind as it needs to. And it's like you can see, it's as it's trying to shed this sort of smoky, fiery tentacles. It's just kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: randomly forming shapes out of this wind. So I'm gonna get close to it and kind of present myself, holding both my staff and like an open hand like this, and I'll see if again, I'm just this is slowly over time. But I'm gonna present myself to it. And basically I'm just gonna kinda
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, get close enough to it that it it could if it wanted to like either touch my hand or touch the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I'm just gonna just chill, but presenting myself to it openly, as a like, you know
Timothy Sackton: it. It takes some time as Kenza does this, and the rest of you walk in on the scene?
and
Timothy Sackton: like. It's immediately apparent to to seeker and to to deal with as you walk in being. You know, our King casters that the forge in the center is just
Timothy Sackton: pulsating with this magical energy.
Timothy Sackton: And Frederick like looks super confused by the whole scene, but turns the secret. Do you see that?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Well, what do you mean?
Timothy Sackton: That's it. That's the power.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: so you can make stuff. Now.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, like, I need a few days.
Eric Rosenbaum: few days to do what
Timothy Sackton: my bird can fly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just need the Phoenix feather. But before we do that we have some other things to do. And also this.
Eric Rosenbaum: this creature here, the elemental creature, we've just freed it from its bonds. It was chained to this
Eric Rosenbaum: anvil.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we don't have. Okay, look around.
Eric Rosenbaum: It doesn't have to stick around. Just
Timothy Sackton: just ask it to like if the envelope push. Goodbye. I can get 3, maybe 4 magic items out of one good kick from that thing. Oh, it doesn't have to stay here now. It's charging up the anvil, charged it as it's liberating itself and charging the envelope so we can send it home.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it just wants to go home. Yeah, it's it's it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim. I'm presenting itself myself to it also with the idea that if it chooses to, you know, give me some key. It can like tattoo my palm. It can also like leave a mark on my staff. Elemental planes are not, I mean, key is very much a like, you know, plane of souls, kind of
proper planes. Phenomenon. This is like raw, magical energy.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So there's like the economy. Yeah. But but I mean Frolgar Frolgar was no, that was like a like, no, giants aren't.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Giants are consciousness very different than
Timothy Sackton: but if I'm able to calm it, it still has like a consciousness it has like a it may not give you key, but that doesn't mean it's not gonna do something right on
Timothy Sackton:  foul
Timothy Sackton: as you watch. You all kind of watch over the next half hour as like this form sort of disintegrates, and what's left
Timothy Sackton: is what looks almost like a
Timothy Sackton: like a
Timothy Sackton: anthropomorphic tornado, with like a face that's kind of shifting, shifting, and shaping out of this whirlwind, and there's like little flashes of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: and it reaches out.
Timothy Sackton: And it it just kind of
Timothy Sackton: forms the slight hand of this like flashing
Timothy Sackton: lightning, and then it grasps Kenzo's hand. and you take
Timothy Sackton: 12 points of lightning damage.
Timothy Sackton: And there's your mind, is just it like this lightning like shoots through your mind, and it's filled
Timothy Sackton: with these images that you can't explain.
Timothy Sackton: Lovely.
Timothy Sackton: You see a
Timothy Sackton: like impossible spiral ladder staircase of clouds stretching up to infinity, and like
Timothy Sackton: what look like to you like
Timothy Sackton: things behaving like children running on this.
Timothy Sackton: But they're made of air. They're just like slightly condensed into the air, and they're picking up bits of cloud and throwing at each other
Timothy Sackton: like a snowball fight as they race up and down this cloud staircase, sometimes jumping off and tumbling into the sky, wrapped around a ball of cloud, but then
Timothy Sackton: shoot out at somebody flying, dancing on the wind.
Timothy Sackton: and then a flash of
Timothy Sackton:  palace
Timothy Sackton: is how you might describe it, but formed of sparks of lightning.
Timothy Sackton: just like
Timothy Sackton: continual flashes of lightning, forming into like a a big open hall, with this large archway and 4 spiraling pillars that shoot up to the sky.
Timothy Sackton: And a creature and error
Timothy Sackton: being of some kind. phasing in and out of solidness and and cloud as it sits, and it seems to be studying.
Timothy Sackton: It's like there's words that are appearing
Timothy Sackton: flashing
Timothy Sackton: in colored light in this lightning display, and it's
Timothy Sackton: studying and paying attention
Timothy Sackton: watching.
Timothy Sackton: And then you see what looks like some sort of
Timothy Sackton: counsel or political gathering. There's about 50 or 60 of these creatures floating in the air, a giant hemisphere of
Timothy Sackton: what looks like wind. But it's somehow solid
Timothy Sackton: and there's arguing, and there's discussion, and there's debate, and there's camaraderie, too, and it seems this is
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's hard to know what it is exactly. I mean, you've never seen. This is a society of these creatures. This is a
Timothy Sackton: a city of sorts, you guess.
Timothy Sackton: and as you watch these scenes, this is not, I mean, you've seen books, you've seen tales of gin. This is not a
Timothy Sackton: gin. This is some other kind of creature. But of course there must be more than one kind of thing that lives on them
Timothy Sackton: plane of air.
Timothy Sackton: And then another scene. You see what looks like.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Timothy Sackton: traveling through this dark, misty land. There's like flares of smoke that are shooting into the sky flying.
Timothy Sackton: It's with 3 companions.
Timothy Sackton: It almost makes you think of
Timothy Sackton: an adventuring party. It's like setting out
Mike Sackton: on its travels.
Timothy Sackton: And then the last scene you see it, and these 3
Timothy Sackton: friends ofites
Timothy Sackton: standing on a
Timothy Sackton: shard of solid ground floating in the sky. and they're fighting
Timothy Sackton: against for humans
Timothy Sackton: that are flying. One of them takes out
Timothy Sackton: scroll, takes out a wand, begins to speak. and his voice takes on this
Timothy Sackton: impossible tone as his words reshape reality, and you hear him say, in drink, Orion. I wish to bind you in my power forever.
Timothy Sackton: and silver wires appear around this. Creatures, wrists
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the images end.
Mike Sackton: Was any of those 4 the same woman we saw in the original
Mike Sackton: the first person, the the hologram.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, the hologram. No.
Eric Rosenbaum: we do. We don't recognize. And do I recognize, do we recognize any of the 4 humans you don't recognize any of the 4 humans cause? It's this is from hundreds of years ago. This, this is like hundreds of years before. It was. This was when I was first trapped, right like hundreds of years before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Priscilla, drink or look over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  all yeah, Tim.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: number one definitely, Kenza is going to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I inscribe this story onto the airship. That's the new place that he's drawing all the different Vishma stories.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  and yeah, Kenza will will will thank it gratefully for for sharing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we shit
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  wish it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well as, and wish it well as it creates new memories and new stories
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: going forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait! It was studying some written language. There must be a way to communicate in more detail with it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wasn't it? Yeah. Well, actually, Tim, I'll I'll ask it. I'll ask it if, like, basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Can we? Can we speak again? Is there a way to, you know? Stay in touch? Type of thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: What was its written language to use?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, only Kenzo saw these visions right? Only yeah, I mean, but I'm assuming, too. I don't know if this is this is possible. But like when we're all like in telepathic by connection. Can I share my visions with everybody?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you can share them. But it's not.
Timothy Sackton: You don't just relaying the images.
Timothy Sackton: But it's not like they're actually in the vision.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right?
Mike Sackton: Just the prompt. We need to all combine our powers more effectively. It's so annoying. It's like we need lip reading, plus the different languages plus the vision seeing and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we can also understand. Shit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab:  But yeah, III you know again
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send it warmth on and on. It's journey, and and then also, you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ask it if there's there's a way to communicate. Still.
Timothy Sackton: as it begins to fade away. It does 2 things. One is it
Timothy Sackton: just like in anger or frustration or
Timothy Sackton: resentment? It
Timothy Sackton: smashes the anvil as hard as it can. There's this enormous burst of
Timothy Sackton: magical energy. and then
Timothy Sackton: it sort of whispers to you.
Timothy Sackton: there's this hum!
Timothy Sackton: Was this pitch resonating?
Timothy Sackton: Well, we you recognize it's the exact same resonance of one of the 2 tuning forks
Timothy Sackton: in the workshop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hello!
Timothy Sackton: And it says.
Timothy Sackton: just Saturdays
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: says what
Timothy Sackton: it's name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, she.
Mike Sackton: So when
Mike Sackton: when we go to the plane of air
Mike Sackton: we can probably find it with the tuning fork.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Totally totally.
Timothy Sackton: That is, just
Timothy Sackton: shush at this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is faster, shapeless.
Timothy Sackton: You need a tuning fork in order to cast plain shift and teleport to a plane. You need a tuning fork
Mike Sackton: that resonates with that particular planes. Frequency right.
Eric Rosenbaum: naturally.
Mike Sackton: naturally. But that's plane of air tuning fork.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow! There's another one.
Mike Sackton: the second one, which could be fire.
Eric Rosenbaum: But we don't know but we don't know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we have a tour guide now.
Mike Sackton: and and did his smashing of the thing power up the info.
Timothy Sackton: Obviously
Eric Rosenbaum: amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Wow!
Mike Sackton: That was really cool. Can we figure out magic items and stuff
Timothy Sackton: by text tonight by text or something. as as you
Timothy Sackton: say goodbye to just just Bethes
Timothy Sackton: and Fadrick begins to, you know, pitch his ideas and get to work. You discuss with him what you want, and over the next
Timothy Sackton: 3 days
Timothy Sackton: he makes his magic bird. He tinkers with seeker's glove, and he
Timothy Sackton: does the one to 2 other items that we will recon in the future
Timothy Sackton: as you with. And now with the
Timothy Sackton: with the creature gone like
Timothy Sackton: there's no more element. You don't sense any more elemental oddness here at all. Like Kenzo, you're a community. Nature is like
Timothy Sackton: nothing. The 3 boulders vanish.
Timothy Sackton: They were, in fact, Earth elementals that if you had gone down the corner would have emerged and attacked you. Of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: being very close.
Timothy Sackton: and you you manage to make your like. Figure out this corridor.
Timothy Sackton: This crack actually leads back to those corridors that Welby was exploring and didn't go that. Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: and you make your way sailing downriver emerging from last time from last time.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: make your way sail cause getting up the waterfall. Going upriver is, gonna be difficult to rebuild. You. Sail downriver. merge out from the cavern. and just about exactly 4 days after you left your airship
Timothy Sackton: return to it on a sunny, chilly morning, with several new exciting magic items to be determined to power up your airship
and
Timothy Sackton: set off for the less than a day's journey to aren't lost.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that is what we'll do next session, and we can figure out magic items. In the meantime the latter is charred. But okay, ladder is charred.
Mike Sackton: Frederick sends some time casting mending spells to fix it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's got a scar, though it's gotta be like a burn scar down one shoulder. That's what I'm talking about.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Awesome. We will end there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, guys. Tha, that was that was amazing, Tim, that was like so many cool things. Yeah, that was cool.